 Story continues This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state, province, territory or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state, province, territory or jurisdiction. About Aerovate Therapeutics, Inc. Aerovate is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs that meaningfully improve the lives of patients with rare cardiopulmonary disease. Aerovate's initial focus is on advancing AV-101, its dry powder inhaled formulation of the drug imatinib for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension, or PAH. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes certain disclosures that contain “forward-looking statements,” including, without limitation, statements regarding Aerovate’s expectations regarding the commencement of trading of its shares on the Nasdaq Global Market, the completion and timing of the closing of the offering and the anticipated gross proceeds from the offering. Forward-looking statements are based on Aerovate’s current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
 The phrase “a compound targeting/decreasing a protein or lipid kinase activity; or a protein or lipid phosphatase activity; or any further anti-angiogenic compound” as used herein includes a protein tyrosine kinase and/or serine and/or threonine kinase inhibitor or lipid kinase inhibitor, such as a) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the platelet-derived growth factor-receptors (PDGFR), such as a compound that targets, decreases, or inhibits the activity of PDGFR, such as an N-phenyl-2-pyrimidine-amine derivatives, such as imatinib, SU101, SU6668, and GFB-111; b) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the fibroblast growth factor-receptors (FGFR); c) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the insulin-like growth factor receptor I (IGF-IR), such as a compound that targets, decreases, or inhibits the activity of IGF-IR; d) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the Trk receptor tyrosine kinase family, or ephrin B4 inhibitors; e) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the Axl receptor tyrosine kinase family; f) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the Ret receptor tyrosine kinase; g) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the Kit/SCFR receptor tyrosine kinase, such as imatinib; h) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the c-Kit receptor tyrosine kinases, such as imatinib; i) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of members of the c-Abl family, their gene-fusion products (e.g. Bcr-Abl kinase) and mutants, such as an N-phenyl-2-pyrimidine-amine derivative, such as imatinib or nilotinib; PD180970; AG957; NSC 680410; PD173955; or dasatinib; j) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of members of the protein kinase C (PKC) and Raf family of serine/threonine kinases, members of the MEK, SRC, JAK, FAK, PDK1, PKB/Akt, and Ras/MAPK family members, and/or members of the cyclin-dependent kinase family (CDK), such as a staurosporine derivative disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,093,330, such as midostaurin; examples of further compounds include UCN-01, safingol, BAY 43-9006, bryostatin 1, perifosine; ilmofosine; RO 318220 and RO 320432; GO 6976; Isis 3521; LY333531/LY379196; a isochinoline compound; a farnesyl transferase inhibitor; PD184352 or QAN697, or AT7519; k) a compound targeting, decreasing or inhibiting the activity of a protein-tyrosine kinase, such as imatinib mesylate or a tyrphostin, such as Tyrphostin A23/RG-50810; AG 99; Tyrphostin AG 213; Tyrphostin AG 1748; Tyrphostin AG 490; Tyrphostin B44; Tyrphostin B44 (+) enantiomer; Tyrphostin AG 555; AG 494; Tyrphostin AG 556, AG957 and adaphostin (4-{[(2,5-dihydroxyphenyl)methyl]amino}-benzoic acid adamantyl ester; NSC 680410, adaphostin); 1) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the epidermal growth factor family of receptor tyrosine kinases (EGFR, ErbB2, ErbB3, ErbB4 as homo- or heterodimers) and their mutants, such as CP 358774, ZD 1839, ZM 105180; trastuzumab, cetuximab, gefitinib, erlotinib, OSI-774, Cl-1033, EKB-569, GW-2016, antibodies E1.1, E2.4, E2.5, E6.2, E6.4, E2.11, E6.3 and E7.6.3, and 7H-pyrrolo-[2,3-d]pyrimidine derivatives; and m) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the c-Met receptor.
 According to the embodiments of the present disclosure, the compound includes one of the following structures, or includes one of isomers, stereoisomers, geometric isomers, tautomers, nitrogen oxides, hydrates, solvates, metabolites, pharmaceutically acceptable salts or prodrugs of the following structures: where R 1 is independently calcipotriol, cyclopamine, Ganciclovir, Fingolimod, all-trans retinoic acid or hyaluronidase; and R 2 is independently triptolide, paclitaxel, docetaxel, adriamycin, camptothecin, hydroxycamptothecin, 5-fluorouracil, Gemcitabine, Cisplatin, Irinotecan, Oxaliplatin, Pemetrexed, Capecitabine, Epirubicin, Sorafenib, Gefitinib, Erlotinib, Imatinib, Nilotinib, Dasatinib, Everolimus, Sunitinib, Ibrutinib, Crizotinib, Pazopanib, Carfilzomib, Tofacitinib, Axitinib, Regorafenib, Verofenib, Sirolimus, Ponatinib, Levatinib, Olaparib, Ceritinib, Romidepsin, Alectinib, Belinostat, Bosutinib, Vandetanib, Cabozantinib, Afatinib, Trametinib, Dabrafenib, or Lapatinib. The compound according to the embodiments of the present disclosure can be enzymatically degraded in vivo to produce medicines of the tumor stroma-regulating group and the cytotoxic group. Thus, the compound can act on the tumor stroma and tumor cells at the same time, thereby achieving the purpose of eliminating or reducing the tumor stroma while killing the tumor cells.
 In another embodiment, described herein is a method for achieving at least 5 months of progression free survival as determined by mRECIST 1.1 in a patient having an advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumor, comprising orally administering to the patient 100, 150 200, or 300 mg of ripretinib daily or twice daily for at least 28 days. In some embodiments, the patient has been administered at least one previous kinase inhibitor. In some embodiments, the patient has been administered at least three previous kinase inhibitors. In some embodiments, the at least one previous kinase inhibitor is imatinib. In some embodiments, comprising orally administering to the patient 100, 150 or 200 mg of ripretinib daily or twice daily for at least 4 months. In another embodiment, described herein is a method for achieving at least 5 months of progression free survival as determined by mRECIST 1.1 in a patient having an advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumor, comprising orally administering to the patient 100, 150, or 200 mg of ripretinib daily or twice daily for at least 28 days. In some embodiments, the patient has been administered at least one previous kinase inhibitor.
 Castration resistant prostate cancer (CRPC) is an advanced prostate cancer which developed despite ongoing ADT and/or surgical castration. Castration resistant prostate cancer is defined as prostate cancer that continues to progress or worsen or adversely affect the health of the patient despite prior surgical castration, continued treatment with gonadotropin releasing hormone agonists (e.g., leuprolide) or antagonists (e.g., degarelix or abarelix), antiandrogens (e.g., bicalutamide, flutamide, apalutamide, enzalutamide, apalutamide, ketoconazole, aminoglutethamide), chemotherapeutic agents (e.g., docetaxel, paclitaxel, cabazitaxel, adriamycin, mitoxantrone, estramustine, cyclophosphamide), kinase inhibitors (imatinib (Gleevec®) or gefitinib (Iressa), cabozantinib (Cometriq™, also known as XL184)) or other prostate cancer therapies (e.g., vaccines (sipuleucel-T (Provenge), GVAX, etc.), herbal (PC-SPES) and lyase inhibitor (abiraterone)) as evidenced by increasing or higher serum levels of prostate specific antigen (PSA), metastasis, bone metastasis, pain, lymph node involvement, increasing size or serum markers for tumor growth, worsening diagnostic markers of prognosis, or patient condition. Castration resistant prostate cancer may be defined as hormone naïve prostate cancer.
 More importantly, the German C. M. L. Study Group demonstrated precisely that a 3-month BCR-ABL transcript elimination rate of 0.46 log (approximately equivalent to a half log) from baseline accurately identified patients at risk for disease progression (high risk: 48/301 (16%) patients; 5-year OS: 83% vs 98%; hazard ratio (HR): 6.3; P=0.001). The second crucial time point is after 6 months of therapy, when the BCR-ABL IS transcript levels are expected to be <1% (2-log reduction). This time point helps identify a higher-risk subgroup of patients who failed to achieve EMR at 3 months after imatinib treatment. For example, group 2, who achieved BCR-ABL IS transcripts <1% IS at 6 months after failing to achieve an EMR at 3 months, did well in the absence of a significant difference in the short- or long-term outcomes compared with group 1, who achieved an EMR at 3 months. The higher-risk patients in group 4, who failed to attain levels <10% IS at 3 and 6 months, showed the worst short- and long-term outcomes, supporting the panel of the new ELN recommendations that a single failure to achieve the BCR/ABL transcript level <10% at 3 months is insufficient to define “failure”. Therefore, it is recommended to recheck molecular response more frequently in case of early failure, even and preferably before 6 months.
 Table 3 Potential future therapeutic targets in type-2 low asthma Pathway Pathobiological Mechanism Potential Biomarkers Potential Therapeutics IL-1β Activation of the NLRP3 \n inflammasome → NF-kB → cytokines including IL-1β \n and neutrophil chemokines IL-1β Anti-IL-1β (e.g. canakinumab) IL-1R IL-1β receptor antagonists (e.g. \n anakinra) NLPR3 NLRP3 small-molecule inhibitors IL-17A, \n IL-17F IL-17A/F Th17 / γδ T17 / ILC3 \n / MAIT cells → IL-17A & IL-17F → epithelial derived \n neutrophil chemoattractants and antimicrobial defence IL-17A, IL-17F Anti-IL-17RA (e.g. brodalumab) IL-23A Anti-IL-23 (e.g. risankizumab) RORγt DNAzymes Small-molecule inhibitors Alarmins Epithelial tissue damage → \n release of alarmins TSLP / IL-33 / IL-25 Anti-TSLP (e.g. tezepelumab) Resolvins Lipoxin A4 promotes resolution of inflammation \n via ALX/FPR2 Low LXA4 LXA4 or analogues Increased serum amyloid A inhibits resolvin \n signalling via ALX/FPR2 High SAA Specialized proresolving mediator \n precursors Colony stimulating \n factors Apoliporoteins (e.g. APOA1) \n → ABCA1 inhibit G-CSF-induced neutrophilia G-CSF Neutralising antibodies GM-CSF APOA1 mimetic peptide Type I \n interferons Stable state: high ISG → \n type-2-independent inflammation Blood ISG expression Acute viral infection: deficient type-I/III \n IFN → increased viral replication Low IFN-α / -β / -λ Inhaled IFN-β IL-6 IL-6: obesity / granulocytes \n → IL-6 → steroid-resistant inflammation IL-6 Anti-IL-6 (e.g. clazakizumab) Anti-IL-6R (e.g. tocilizumab) IL-6 trans-signalling: bacteria → TLRs \n → granulocytes shed soluble IL-6R + IL-6 → local \n epithelial cell inflammation sIL-6R Antimicrobials Mast cells IgE cross-linking → Mast \n cell degranulation → mediators including histamine, tryptase, \n chymase, carboxypeptidase Tryptase Anti-β-tryptase mAb Chymase KIT inhibitors (e.g. imatinib) IFN-γ Th1 / ILC1 / NK cells → \n IFN-γ → CXCL10 → neutrophilia & ↓ \n SLPI TNF Soluble TNFR (e.g. etanercept) IFN-γ, \n CXCL10, SLPI IFN-γ, CXCL10, SLPI Small-molecule inhibtors (JAK1) Tbet DNAzyme (Tbet) CXCL8 (IL-8) CXCL8 → CXCR2 → neutrophil \n recruitment CXCL8 Small-molecule inhibitors Open in a separate window APOA1, apolipoprotein A1; BET, bromodomain and extraterminal; CXCL, \n C-X-C motif chemokine ligand; CXCR, C-X-C motif chemokine receptor; G-CSF, \n granulocyte colony-stimulating factor; GM-CSF, granulocyte/monocyte \n colony-stimulating factor; IFN, interferon; IL, interleukin; ILC, innate \n lymphoid cell; ISG, interferon-stimulated genes; JAK, Janus kinase; KIT, KIT \n proto-oncogene receptor tyrosine kinase; LXA, lipoxin A; mAb, monoclonal \n antibody; NLRP3, nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain, leucine-rich \n repeat, and pyrin domain containing; RORγt, retinoic acid-related \n orphan receptor γ thymus specific; SAA, serum amyloid A; SLPI, \n secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor; Tbet, T-box transcription factor \n TBX21; Th1, Th17, helper T-cell type 1 and type 17; TNF, tumour necrosis \n factor; TSLP, thymic stromal lymphopoietin. Interleukin-1β(IL-1β) IL-1β is a pro-inflammatory cytokine that promotes type 2-low \n neutrophilic asthma.
 Annexin V-FITC/PI apoptosis assay The ability of compounds 16a , b , d to induce apoptotic changes in MCF-7 cells was determined by Annexin V-FITC/PI staining according to the previous report 13 , 18 , 19 . Additionally, the morphological changes in MCF-7 cells were examined by microscope. Following treatment with the test compounds at 0.1 µM for 24 h, the cells were stained with annexin V and PI. The determination of necrotic, early/late apoptotic changes were performed by flow cytometer (FC500, Beckman Coulter, Miami, FL). 2.2.3. Kinase inhibitory activity 2.2.3.1. Kinase profiling test Compounds 16a , b , d and imatinib were evaluated for their inhibitory activities against 20 kinases at a single concentration (10 μM). The test was performed using the radiolabeled ATP determination method (KINEXUS Bioinformatics Corporation, Vancouver, Canada). The test was performed following the previous reports 13 , 20 . 2.2.3.2. CDK-2 inhibitory assay The ability of compounds 16a , b , d to inhibit the activity of CDK-2 was determined using ADP-Glo assay (Promega, Madison, WI). The assay was done according to the manufacturer’s instructions and as described in the previous report 21 .
 Of the two patients with a negative serological response, one had previously been investigated for potential immune suppression and recurrent infections, whilst the other was on second‐line treatment with ponatinib, with suboptimal response. Open in a separate window Fig 1 (A) Anti‐S IgG EC50 pre and post vaccination. (B) Neutralising antibody ID50 within different TKI groups. EC50, 50% effective concentration; ID50, 50% inhibitory dilution; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor. The median (IQR) EC 50 value for anti‐S IgG in all patients from ELISA testing was 100 5 (25–408·3). Amongst different TKIs the median EC 50 values were 251 5 for imatinib, 100·5 for nilotinib, 373·5 for dasatinib, 379·5 for bosutinib and 25 for ponatinib. No patients had evidence of confirmed previous infection as determined by a >fourfold increase in OD of IgG against the Nucleocapsid (N) and S protein in the pre‐vaccine sample. 4 However, a single patient did have a weakly positive anti‐S IgG EC 50 , as well as a mildly raised anti‐N OD on a pre‐vaccine sample, suggestive of possible previous infection. Neutralising antibody analysis was performed in all post‐vaccine samples using an HIV‐1‐based virus particles, pseudotyped with SARS‐CoV‐2 Wuhan Spike, with positive responses seen in all patients and a median (IQR) ID 50 of 445 5 (122–682).
 For some experiments, single cells were sorted into 96-well culture dishes by flow cytometry, and cultures were expanded in the same medium. For transplantation of irradiated recipients, donor bone marrow cells were transduced for 3 h in the absence of cytokine support with a vector encoding p185, and infected cells (1 × 10 6 per recipient mouse) were infused without intervening culture into lethally irradiated (11 Gy in two fractions) animals. To quantify cytostatic effects of imatinib, cells plated at 2 × 10 4 per well in 96-well plates were cultured in the presence or absence of 10 ng/mL recombinant IL-7 (R&D Systems), and imatinib (Novartis) was added to achieve the indicated concentrations. Cell growth was quantified 72 h later by a methane–thiosulfonate–base assay (CellTiter 96 Aqueous One Solution reagent, Promega). Southern blotting and molecular cloning of proviral integrations Genomic DNA extracted from single-cell-derived pre-B clones or from leukemic bone marrow obtained from moribund mice was digested with XbaI or EcoRI to detect Ig heavy-chain gene rearrangements or proviral integrations, respectively. DNA digests (20 μg per lane) were separated on 0.7% agarose gels and transferred to Nytran SuPerCharge (SPC) nylon membranes (Whatman, Inc.).
 ABL proto-oncogene 1, a nonreceptor tyrosine kinase (c-Abl), regulates actin cytoskeletal reorganization essential for multiple cellular processes, such as cell migration ( 1 , 25 – 27 ), proliferation ( 1 , 28 , 29 ), cytokinesis ( 30 ), smooth muscle contraction ( 9 , 31 , 32 ), and cancer metastasis ( 26 ). c-Abl expression is upregulated in asthmatic human airway smooth muscle cells (HASMCs) ( 31 , 33 ). Inhibition of c-Abl by the inhibitor, imatinib, reduces airway hyperresponsiveness and remodeling in animal models of asthma ( 34 ), and relieves breathing difficulty of patients with severe asthma ( 4 , 35 ). In smooth muscle cells, c-Abl orchestrates actin reorganization by controlling glia maturation factor (GMF)-γ ( 36 ), which is a member of the ADF/cofilin depolymerizing factor superfamily ( 37 – 41 ). GMFγ is expressed in a variety of cell types, including airway smooth muscle cells ( 36 , 37 , 39 , 40 ).
 Although the exact cause of PAH is unknown, it is speculated that abnormal cell growth results from a growth factor imbalance favoring local production and signaling activity in pulmonary vascular cells ( 10 ). Over the last decades, substantial evidence has accumulated in favor of this idea as seen in preclinical studies that support the contribution of seminal growth factors, such as platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF), to smooth muscle hyperplasia in PAH vasculopathy ( 11 ). Efforts to target PDGF in PAH have been undertaken most recently with imatinib, an FDA-approved tyrosine kinase inhibitor known to target the PDGF receptor and with documented efficacy in animal models of PAH. Unfortunately, a phase 3 clinical trial (IMPRES) demonstrated modest improvement in clinical parameters and increased rates of intracranial bleeding that have mitigated the early enthusiasm for use of imatinib in patients with PAH ( 12 ). Despite these unexpected results, there is still interest in identifying other candidate growth factors as treatment targets because existing PAH therapies fail to prevent disease progression, possibly by their inability to effectively halt progressive vascular remodeling. As the first among equals, NGF is a logical candidate given its prominence in the pulmonary vasculature and its potential contribution to the development and progression of PAH vasculopathy. The study by Freund-Michel and colleagues included in this issue of the Journal (pp. 342–355 ) aims to characterize the contribution of NGF to vascular remodeling in PAH and the potential therapeutic benefit of targeting this signaling pathway ( 13 ).
 Nevertheless, its effects in the proliferation and migration of SMCs are better described in the systemic circulation where it is regarded as an important contributor to major vascular conditions such as atherosclerosis ( 20 ). Our present study focused on PASMCs and human idiopathic PAH, to better analyze the role of PDGF in humans, as well as the possible interest of novel therapeutic agents targeting the PDGF pathway, such as imatinib in PAH. Proliferation and migration of PASMCs represent a singular step in the pathogenesis of pulmonary vascular remodeling. Many studies have addressed the phenotypes of the cells involved in neointima formation. Early findings suggested that endothelial cells were the predominant phenotype in plexiform lesions ( 21 ), but more recently the role of PASMCs and PASMC migration in neointima formation has been better clarified ( 22 , 23 ). Our present findings of overexpression of PDGF and PDGF receptors in the pulmonary arterial wall of patients with PAH, together with the demonstration of PDGF pathway activation in PAH vascular lesions (detection of PDGFR-β phosphorylated by immunohistochemistry) associated with cellular proliferation (PCNA-positive cells) and with the confirmation of in vitro PDGF-induced migration and proliferation of PASMCs, support the hypothesis that PDGF is a major contributor of pulmonary vascular remodeling in PAH.
 These growth factors act as potent mitogens and chemoattractants for SMCs, fibroblasts, and endothelial cells, usually forming homo- or heterodimers that stimulate cell surface receptors, which in turn activate the major signal transduction pathways, such as the Ras-mitogen activated protein kinase pathway. The cellular response to stimulation by growth factors involves proliferation, migration, and resistance to apoptosis. Several case reports suggested that in end-stage pulmonary hypertensive patients, compassionate treatment with the PDGF inhibitor imatinib could restore and/or improve clinical conditions ( 43 – 45 ). The phase III randomized controlled trial Imatinib in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (IMPRES, ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00902174 ) is currently underway. Serotonin (5-HT) and RhoA are mediators investigated now for many years in the context of vascular proliferation in pulmonary hypertension. Guilluy and colleagues in this journal described an intriguing cross-link between both signaling pathways ( 46 ). In lungs, platelets, and pulmonary artery SMCs from patients with idiopathic PAH and in mice with overexpression of the 5-HT transporter they found marked elevation in RhoA and Rho kinase activities and increases in 5-HT binding to RhoA. Moreover, the 5-HTT inhibitor fluoxetine and the type 2 transglutaminase inhibitor monodansylcadaverine prevented 5-HT–induced RhoA serotonylation and RhoA/Rho kinase activation, as well as 5-HT–induced proliferation of pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells.
 Previous data suggest that the role of SCF would be multifactorial by inhibiting not only the local mast cell populations involved early on during the response but also the recruitment and activation of eosinophils ( 22 , 23 , 43 – 45 ). Furthermore, the recent identification of increased expression of both SCF and c-kit in airways of individuals with asthma gives additional support for targeting this activation pathway ( 28 ). However, because imatinib may also have effects on other receptor tyrosine kinase family members, such as PDGFR, the effects observed in this study likely were an outcome of blocking other pathways as well. The responses are also likely to encompass the alteration of bone marrow-derived cells, especially if imatinib is given long term. We found no alteration of circulating leukocyte numbers (data not shown), but have not performed extensive studies to examine bone marrow or peripheral leukocyte counts in the present studies. However, in these studies imatinib was given a single time just before allergen challenge, and the effects may be centered on the alleviation of the inflammatory responses directly activated within the airways. The reduction of chemokines may have resulted from decreased Th2 cytokines as well as the direct effects of blocking specific signaling processes related to specific receptor tyrosine kinase pathways. Previous observations in patients treated with imatinib for chronic myeloid leukemia have identified increases in IFN after a 3-month treatment protocol, potentially suggesting an alteration of the overall balance of Th1 and Th2 type responses ( 46 ). In contrast, another study that examined T cell responses in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia before and after imatinib treatment found no difference in the Th1/Th2 cytokine levels on polyclonal activation ( 47 ). Interestingly, data suggest that imatinib may produce long-term, event-free survival in patients with T cell lymphoid blastic phase ( 48 ). Another recent publication has indicated that imatinib treatment affects the development of CD34+ progenitor cells into dendritic cells ( 49 ), further supporting a role for imatinib in altering the development of detrimental immune responses. Related to the current study are previous observations where SCF has been specifically blocked in the airway, either by antibody or antisense therapy, and an alteration in Th2 cytokines observed ( 31 , 32 ). Thus, by blocking the initiation of this pathway a significant effect can be observed in the expression of a number of allergen-induced cytokines. These studies have identified a potential avenue of treatment that centers on blocking certain activation pathways that have previously not been considered for asthma therapy.
 Congenital PVS is associated with anomalous PV connection, atrial and ventricular septal defects, and complex heterotaxy syndromes. 1 Acquired PVS is a rare complication of atrial fibrillation ablation with PV isolation that is often missed due to predominant pulmonary symptoms. Presentation includes shortness of breath, haemoptysis, recurrent symptoms suggestive of pneumonia, and progression to right-sided heart failure. Transcatheter balloon angioplasty and stent placement is the mainstay treatment, though with high recurrence rates. 4 , 5 Antiproliferative agents such as imatinib and bevacizumab are under investigation. The advent of new treatment modalities for atrial fibrillation has led to an increase in the incidence of acquired PVS. 3 , 6 A multi-centre trial conducted at 13 sites found mild or moderate PV stenosis in 8.2% of ablated PVs at 3 months post-procedure, though all patients were asymptomatic. 7 It is an infrequent complication of atrial fibrillation ablation procedures, previously estimated to occur following 0.3–3.4% of cases, 8 though patients typically only undergo PV imaging when symptomatic.
 2 recently reported on 175 patients with MPN diagnosed with SARS‐CoV‐2 infection, demonstrating higher mortality compared to the non‐MPN population. Worse outcome was associated with older age, male sex, comorbidities, a diagnosis of MF, lymphopenia and respiratory support requirement. Higher risks were also identified for ruxolitinib discontinuation following infection. The CANDID CML study reported on 110 patients with SARS‐CoV‐2 infection, 70% of whom were on TKIs. 3 Univariate analysis revealed age >75 years, severe infection and use of imatinib (likely surrogate marker of older age) as adverse risk factors. We appreciate that the present study is exploratory in nature, with a limited cohort size and comprises a range of chronic MPN conditions. We focussed solely on T‐cell functionality, did not include measurement of SARS‐CoV‐2‐neutralising antibodies or assessment for pre‐existing ‘cross‐reactive’ T cells. These data, however, represents an important ‘snapshot’ of SARS‐CoV‐2 mediated T‐cell modulation in chronic MPN albeit, as we lack longitudinal samples, it remains unclear if such responses are both durable and persistent.
 The second active ingredient may include, but is not restricted to: alkylating agents, including cyclophosphamide, ifosfamide, thiotepa, melphalan, chloroethylnitrosourea and bendamustine; platinum derivatives, including cisplatin, oxaliplatin, carboplatin and satraplatin; antimitotic agents, including vinca alkaloids (vincristine, vinorelbine and vinblastine), taxanes (paclitaxel, docetaxel), epothilones and inhibitors of mitotic kinases including aurora and polo kinases; topoisomerase inhibitors, including anthracyclines, epipodophyllotoxins, camptothecin and analogues of camptothecin; antimetabolites, including 5-fluorouracil, capecitabine, cytarabine, gemcitabine, 6-mercaptopurine, 6-thioguanine, fludarabine, methotrexate and premetrexed; protein kinase inhibitors, including imatinib, gefitinib, sorafenib, sunitinib, erlotinib, dasatinib, and lapatinib; proteosome inhibitors, including bortezomib; histone deacetylase inhibitors, including valproate and SAHA; antiangiogenic drugs, including bevacizumab; monoclonal antibodies, including trastuzumab, rituximab, alemtuzumab, tositumomab, cetuximab, panitumumab; conjugates of myoclonal antibodies, including Gemtuzumab ozogamicin, Ibritumomab tiuxetan; hormonal therapies, including antiestrogens (tamoxifen, raloxifen, anastrazole, letrozole, examestane) antiandrogens (Flutamide, Biclutamide) and Luteinisng Hormone Analogues or antagonists. With regard to combination therapy the compounds of the present invention may be administered separately, sequentially, simultaneously, concurrently or may be chronologically staggered with one or more standard therapeutics such as any of those mentioned above.
 \n Plexiform neurofibromas (PNFs) are benign tumors composed mainly of tumorous Schwann cells and non-tumorous fibroblasts. This study examined the possible enhancing effect of vitamin D on the efficacy of drugs used for the treatment of PNF in vitro. Paired Schwann cells and fibroblasts were cultured from 10 PNFs and treated with imatinib and nilotinib in the absence and presence of calcipotriol, an analogue of the active metabolite of vitamin D. IC 50 values for cell proliferation were calculated. Calcipotriol reduced the IC 50 of the two drugs in both tumorous Schwann cells and non-tumorous fibroblasts by 40 to 45%. Calcipotriol enhanced the efficacy of imatinib and nilotinib on PNF-derived cells in vitro, though rather non-specifically. Nevertheless, sustaining vitamin D at 100-200 nM, the physiological range, may be beneficial for reducing the dose of drugs without scarifying efficacy.
 The company's initial focus is on advancing AV-101, a dry powder inhaled formulation of Gleevec (imatinib) to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It completed a Phase I study in healthy volunteers and AV-101 was generally well-tolerated with no serious adverse events reported. Aerovate anticipates initiating a Phase IIb/III trial of AV-101 in PAH patients in the second half of 2021.
 The aberrantly activated tyrosine kinase BcrAbl (the product of bcrabl gene and the Philadelphia Chromosome) is causally associated with Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia and Acute lymphocytic leukemia. Constitutive tyrosine kinase activity of BcrAbl promotes proliferation and survival of chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) cells. Inhibition of BcrAbl tyrosine kinase activity or signaling proteins activated by BcrAbl in CML cells blocks proliferation and causes apoptotic cell death. The selective Abl kinase inhibitor, STI-571 (marketed as Gleevec), is toxic to CML cells in culture, causes regression of CML tumors in nude mice, and is currently used to treat CML patients. Expression of BcrAbl in hematopoietic stem cells promotes transformation and acts early in leukemogenesis. Inhibition of this kinase with STI-571 effectively controls CML in the chronic phase of the disease but more advanced patients frequently progress on STI-571 therapy. In vitro models of STI-571 resistance and clinical specimens from resistant patients demonstrated that overexpression of other kinases or activation of distinct signaling pathways is associated with BcrAbl independence.
 The dose provided to a patient will vary depending upon what is being administered, the purpose of the administration, the manner of administration, and the like. A "therapeutically effective amount" is an amount sufficient to cure or ameliorate symptoms of CML. The compound of this invention may be delivered alone or in combination with other compounds used to treat CML. Such compounds include but are not limited to STI-571 (GLEEVEC (TM) ), hydroxyurea, IFN-alpha, cytotoxic agents, 17-(Allylamino)-17-demethoxygeldanamycin or derivatives thereof, or wortmannin. The compound of this invention was prepared from: (a) commercially available starting materials (b) known starting materials which can be prepared as described in literature procedures or (c) new intermediates described in the schemes and experimental procedures herein. The Compound included in this invention can be prepared according to the synthesis routes disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,002,008 , and 6,780,996 . Reactions are performed in a solvent appropriate to the reagents and materials employed and suitable for the transformation being effected.
 Gilenya (USD 606 Millionen, +28% kWk) zur oralen Behandlung multipler Sklerose erzielte im zweiten Quartal ein starkes Wachstum, das von den Märkten ausserhalb der USA angetrieben wurde. Afinitor (USD 384 Millionen, +25% kWk) verzeichnete weiterhin solide Zuwächse gegenüber der Vorjahresperiode. Tasigna (USD 373 Millionen, +18% kWk) eroberte im zweiten Quartal weitere Marktsegment­anteile und kurbelte das Wachstum der Therapien gegen chronische myeloische Leukämie (CML) an (dazu gehört neben Tasigna auch Glivec/Gleevec ). Die Biosimilars (USD 128 Millionen, +23% kWk) erzielten im zweiten Quartal weiterhin kräftige zweistellige Umsatzsteigerungen und stärkten damit die weltweite Führungsposition von Sandoz. Wachstumsmärkte In den Wachstumsmärkten von Novartis - sie umfassen alle Märkte ausser den USA, Kanada, Westeuropa, Japan, Australien und Neuseeland - stieg der Nettoumsatz im zweiten Quartal (ohne Diagnostik) um 8% (kWk), angeführt von Russland (+17% kWk) und China (+13% kWk). Vor allem Alcon erzielte in den Wachstumsmärkten eine kräftige Umsatzsteigerung von 10% (kWk) gegenüber dem Vorjahresquartal und erwirtschaftete dort 26% des gesamten Netto­umsatzes der Division.
 He obtained his M.D. degree at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, completed his residency in Internal Medicine at the University of California in San Francisco, US, and his hematology-oncology fellowship training at the University of California in Los Angeles, US. Dr. Sawyers is an internationally acclaimed cancer researcher. His research has focused on characterizing signal transduction pathway abnormalities in various cancers, including chronic myeloid leukemia and prostate cancer, and developing molecularly targeted cancer drugs for both diseases. In particular, he co-developed Novartis' targeted cancer drug, Gleevec / Glivec . Prior to joining Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in 2006, he worked at Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center of the University of California, Los Angeles, US, for nearly 18 years. Dr. Sawyers has received numerous honors and awards, including the Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award, often considered America's Nobel Prize, in 2009. He is past President of the American Society for Clinical Investigation, President-Elect of the American Association of Cancer Research and serves on President Obama's National Cancer Advisory Board. He is a member of the US National Academy of Sciences and Institute of Medicine.
 Lucentis (USD 604 million in the second quarter, +20% cc; USD 1.2 billion in the first half, +25% cc) also grew strongly in the second quarter as the only therapy of its kind to significantly improve vision in patients with wet age-related macular degeneration, diabetic macular edema and macular edema secondary to retinal vein occlusion. Additionally, Tasigna (USD 237 million in the second quarter, +45% cc; USD 446 million in the first half, +42% cc), our next-generation targeted therapy for patients with chronic myeloid leukemia (CML), delivered robust growth in the second quarter. With multiple studies showing its superiority even to Glivec , the gold standard treatment for CML, Tasigna is approved for sale in 70 markets globally, and continues to gain market share in both the first-line and second-line settings. It now represents 22% of our CML franchise, up from 17% a year ago. In Alcon, the Surgical franchise once again delivered strong sales growth (USD 957 million, +8% cc). The refractive surgery business (USD 60 million in the second quarter, +24% cc; USD 124 million in the first half, +37% cc) grew strongly, underpinned by the continued solid performance of the Wavelight lasers, with increasing share of new equipment installations in the US, Europe, and Asia.
 June 5, 2011. [2] National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN): Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology: Soft Tissue. [3] American Cancer Society. Cancer Reference Information. Detailed Guide for Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors. http://www.cancer.org/acs/groups/cid/documents/webcontent/003103-pdf.pdf . [4] DeMatteo RP, Lewis JJ, Leung D, Mudan SS, Woodruff JM, Brennan MF. Two hundred gastrointestinal stromal tumors: recurrence patterns and prognostic factors for survival. Ann Surg. 2000 Jan;231(1):51-8. [5] Study Comparing 12 Months Versus 36 Months of Imatinib in the Treatment of Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor (GIST). Available at: http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT00116935. Accessed on January 9, 2012. # # # Novartis Media Relations Central media line : +41 61 324 2200 Eric Althoff Novartis Global Media Relations +41 61 324 7999 (direct) +41 79 593 4202 (mobile) eric.althoff@novartis.com Sabrina Oei Novartis Oncology +1 862 778 6387 (direct) +1 862 210 0993 (mobile) sabrina.oei@novartis.com e-mail: media.relations@novartis.com For Novartis multimedia content, please visit www.thenewsmarket.com/Novartis For questions about the site or required registration, please contact: journalisthelp@thenewsmarket.com . Novartis Investor Relations Central phone: +41 61 324 7944 Susanne Schaffert +41 61 324 7944 North America: Pierre-Michel Bringer +41 61 324 1065 Richard Jarvis +1 212 830 2433 Thomas Hungerbuehler +41 61 324 8425 Jill Pozarek +1 212 830 2445 Isabella Zinck +41 61 324 7188 Edwin Valeriano +1 212 830 2456 e-mail: investor.relations@novartis.com e-mail: investor.relations@novartis.com
 The study included an exploratory comparison against open-label tiotropium, and the effect observed with NVA237 was similar to that seen with tiotropium. Overall, NVA237 was well tolerated by patients, with the number of adverse events similar to or lower than placebo. These results will form the basis of regulatory filings planned for later this year. A Phase III study showed a significant survival benefit for patients with resected KIT+ gastrointestinal stromal tumors who received adjuvant Glivec (imatinib) treatment for three years following surgery as compared to one year following surgery. The results, gathered five years after surgery, showed that 66% of patients taking adjuvant Glivec therapy for three years remained free of cancer recurrence (primary endpoint) compared to 48% of those who had received adjuvant Glivec therapy for only one year (p<.0001). Moreover, 92% of patients taking Glivec for three years had survived to the five-year mark (secondary endpoint), compared to 82% of those who had received Glivec for only one year (p=.019). These clinical data will be submitted to regulatory authorities in the second half of 2011 to support extended adjuvant Glivec treatment of three years. A Phase III study of Afinitor in patients with tuberous sclerosis complex, the largest prospective clinical trial in Phase III to date in this patient population, met the primary endpoint of reduction in subependymal giant cell astrocytoma (SEGA) volume. Results showed that more than one-third of patients taking Afinitor experienced a 50% or greater reduction in the size of their SEGAs versus 0% on placebo. In July, an interim analysis of a pivotal Phase III study showed that Afinitor in combination with exemestane significantly extended progression-free survival (PFS) when compared to placebo plus exemestane in postmenopausal women with ER+HER2- metastatic breast cancer whose disease has progressed, despite initial endocrine therapy.
 LBH589 Hodgkin-Lymphom 4. Quartal 2010 - US-Zulassungsantrag im Dezember eingereicht - Präsentation der Daten aus entscheidender Phase-II-Studie bei der Tagung der American Society of Hematology im Dezember Lucentis Retinaler Venenverschluss 4. Quartal 2010 - EU-Zulassungsantrag im Oktober eingereicht Onbrez Breezhaler Chronisch-obstruktive Lungenerkrankung 4. Quartal 2008 Zugelassen 3. Quartal 2010 - Klinische Studien zur Klärung offener Fragen des Complete Response Letter (Oktober 2009) der FDA im 3. Quartal 2010 abgeschlossen; Ergebnisse Ende September bei der FDA eingereicht - Der US-Zulassungsantrag (unter dem Handelsnamen Arcapta Neohaler ) wird im März 2011 durch einen FDA-Beratungsausschuss geprüft SOM230 Cushing-Syndrom 4. Quartal 2010 - EU-Zulassungsantrag im Oktober eingereicht - US-Zulassungsantrag soll im 1. Halbjahr 2011 eingereicht werden Tekamlo Bluthochdruck Zugelassen 4. Quartal 2009 - US-Zulassung im August - EU: CHMP-Gutachten im 1. Quartal 2011 erwartet Abgeschlossene Zulassungsanträge Produkt Indikation USA EU Japan Aktueller Stand Amturnide Bluthochdruck Zugelassen 2. Quartal 2010 - US-Zulassung im Dezember - EU-Zulassungsantrag im Mai 2010 eingereicht TOBI Podhaler Mukoviszidose 4. Quartal 2009 - Positives CHMP-Gutachten im September eingegangen Zometa Adjuvante Brustkrebs-behandlung 4. Quartal 2009 4. Quartal 2009 - In der Phase-III-Studie AZURE mit Zometa in der potenziellen neuen Indikation bei Brustkrebs im Frühstadium wurde der primäre Endpunkt bei der Gesamtpopulation der Patienten nicht erreicht; bei einer Untergruppe der mit Zometa behandelten Patientinnen mit bestätigter Menopause wurde eine Verbesserung des krankheitsfreien und des Gesamtüberlebens festgestellt - Die US- und EU-Zulassungsanträge wurden zurückgezogen, solange Novartis die Ergebnisse der AZURE-Studie prüft - Auf Basis der Untergruppen-Analyse wird Novartis die weiteren Schritte mit den Gesundheitsbehörden diskutieren Ausgewählte Projekte der pharmazeutischen Pipeline Projekt/ Substanz Potenzielle Indikation/ Therapiegebiet Geplante Einreichung Studien-phase Aktueller Stand ACZ885 Systemische juvenile idiopathische Arthritis 2011 III - Zulassung soll plangemäss 2011 beantragt werden Sekundärprävention von Herz-Kreislauf-Ereignissen >=2015 II - Start der Phase III 2011 geplant Typ-2-Diabetes >=2015 AEB071 Prävention der Organabstossung 2014 II Psoriasis >=2015 II Afinitor Tuberöse Sklerose/ Angiomyolipom 2011 III ER+ Brustkrebs 2012 III - Präsentation der TAM-RAD-Studie am San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium im Dezember: die Phase-II-Studie evaluiert die Wirkung einer Zusatzbehandlung mit Everolimus ( Afinitor ) neben der Hormontherapie mit Tamoxifen bei Patienten mit fortgeschrittenem metastasiertem Brustkrebs HER2+ Brustkrebs (Primärtherapie) 2013 III HER2+ Brustkrebs (Sekundär-/Tertiärtherapie) 2013 III Fortgeschrittener Magenkrebs 2012 III Leberzellkrebs 2013 III Diffus grosszelliges B-Zellen-Lymphom >=2015 III Projekt/ Substanz Potenzielle Indikation/ Therapiegebiet Geplante Einreichung Studien-phase Aktueller Stand AFQ056 Fragiles-X-Syndrom 2012 II - Zulassungsrelevante Studie mit Erwachsenen lief im November 2010 an Parkinsonkrankheit/ L-Dopa-induzierte Dyskinesie 2013 II AG0178 Schwere depressive Störung 2012 III AIN457 Psoriasis 2013 II Rheumatoide Arthritis 2013 II - Start der Phase III für 2011 vorgesehen Nichtinfektiöse Uveitis 2013 III - Die Phase-III-Studie zur Untersuchung von AIN457 in der Behandlung nichtinfektiöser Uveitis bei Patienten mit Morbus Behçet verfehlte ihren primären Endpunkt; die Daten sprechen gegen einen Zulassungsantrag für AIN457 in dieser Indikation BAF312 Multiple Sklerose >=2015 II - Phase-II-Daten im 1. Quartal 2011 erwartet BEZ235 Solide Tumoren 2014 I BKM120 Solide Tumoren 2014 I CAD106 Alzheimerkrankheit >=2015 II Certican/Zortress Prävention der Organabstossung - Leber 2011 III - Zulassung soll plangemäss 2011 beantragt werden DEB025 Hepatitis C 2013 II - Nach einer positiven Besprechung mit der FDA zum Abschluss der Phase II sowie positivem Feedback der EMA, die beide für ein Phase-III-Program sprechen, soll eine klinische Studie der Phase III DEB025 ( Alisporivir ) im 1. Quartal 2011 anlaufen - Diese Studie wird DEB025 in Kombination mit Peg-Interferon und Ribavirin bei bisher unbehandelten Patienten mit Hepatitis C (Genotyp 1) untersuchen Exjade Nicht transfusions-bedingte Thalassämie 2011 II HCD122 Hämatologische Tumoren >=2015 I INC424 Myelofibrose 2011 III -- Laut Top-Line-Ergebnissen der Phase-III-Studie COMFORT-I wurde der primäre Endpunkt erreicht; INC424 bewirkte bei Myelofibrose-Patienten eine signifikante klinische Verbesserung (gemessen an der Verringerung der Grösse der Milz); vollständige Ergebnisse werden 2011 an einem bedeutenden Medizinkongress vorgestellt -- Erste interpretierbare Ergebnisse der Phase-III-Studie COMFORT-2 im 1. Quartal 2011 erwartet Polyzythämie (Polycythemia vera) 2014 III -- Globale Phase-III-Studie RESPONSE begann mit Patienten in den USA ; erste Studie ausserhalb der USA soll im 1. Quartal 2011 anlaufen - Veröffentlichung der Phase-II-Ergebnisse bei Polyzythämie auf der Tagung der American Society of Hematology im Dezember LBH589 Multiples Myelom 2013 III Hämatologische Tumoren >=2015 II Projekt/ Substanz Potenzielle Indikation/ Therapiegebiet Geplante Einreichung Studien-phase Aktueller Stand LCQ908 Stoffwechselerkrankungen 2014 II LCZ696 Herzinsuffizienz 2014 III - Phase-II-Daten im Lancet und auf der Tagung des American College of Cardiology im März 2010 veröffentlicht; diese belegen die blutdrucksenkende Wirkung und untermauern das Behandlungs­potenzial bei Herzinsuffizienz - Phase-III-Studie zu Morbidität und Mortalität bei Herzinsuffizienz läuft seit Dezember 2009 Bluthochdruck 2014 II LDE225 Basalzellnävus-Syndrom 2012 II Solide Tumoren 2014 I Lucentis Pathologische Myopie (Kurzsichtigkeit) 2012 III - Phase-III-Studie wurde im Oktober 2010 gestartet NVA237 Chronisch-obstruktive Lungenerkrankung 2011 III - Zulassung soll plangemäss 2011 beantragt werden - Phase-III-Daten (Glow 1, Glow 2 und Glow 3) werden 2011 erwartet PKC412 Aggressive systemische Mastozytose 2013 II Akute myeloische Leukämie 2014 III PRT128 Akutes Koronarsyndrom, chronische koronare Herzkrankheit >=2015 II - Präsentation von Ergebnissen der Phase-II-Studie INNOVATE-PCI bei Tagung der European Society of Cardiology im August 2010 - Phase-III-Entwicklungsprogramm soll 2011 eingeleitet werden PTK796 Akute bakterielle Infektionen der Haut und Hautstrukturen, ambulant erworbene bakterielle Lungenentzündung 2012 III QGE031 Allergische Erkrankungen 2014 I QMF149 Chronisch-obstruktive Lungenerkrankung 2014 II - Gegenwärtig in Phase II; Zulassungsanträge für Regionen ausserhalb der USA sollen 2014 eingereicht werden - Die Entwicklung von QMF149 für den US-Markt ist derzeit nicht geplant Asthma 2014 II - EU-Zulassungsantrag für 2014 geplant - In den USA werden keine Entwicklungsaktivitäten eingeleitet QTI571 (Imatinib) Pulmonal-arterieller Bluthochdruck 2011 III - Zulassung soll plangemäss 2011 beantragt werden - Daten im 2. Halbjahr 2011 erwartet QVA149 Chronisch-obstruktive Lungenerkrankung 2012 III RLX030 Akutes Herzversagen 2013 III SMC021 Osteoarthritis 2011 III - In der ersten Phase-III-Studie wurde der erste von drei primären Endpunkten nicht erreicht; zweite Phase-III-Studie läuft Osteoporose 2011 III - Nach der Zwischenanalyse der Zweijahresdaten im 4. Quartal 2010 wurde die zulassungsrelevante Phase-III-Studie (Study 2303) fortgesetzt; Dreijahresergebnisse werden im 3. Quartal 2011 erwartet Projekt / Substanz Potenzielle Indikation/ Therapiegebiet Geplante Einreichung Studien-phase Aktueller Stand SOM230 Akromegalie 2011 III Refraktäres/resistentes Karzinoidsyndrom 2012 III Tasigna cKIT-Melanom 2012 III Gastro-intestinale Stromatumoren 2014 III TKI258 Solide Tumoren 2013 II Xolair Chronisch-idiopathische Urtikaria 2013 II - Beginn der Phase III im 1. Quartal 2011 geplant Ausgewählte Projekte der Impfstoff-Pipeline Projekt/ Substanz Potenzielle Indikation/ Therapiegebiet Geplante Einreichung Studien-phase Aktueller Stand Menveo Prävention von Meningokokken-Erkrankungen (Serogruppen A, C, Y und W-135) bei Säuglingen 2011 III - US-Zulassungsantrag im November eingereicht - EU-Zulassungsantrag soll 2011 eingereicht werden Optaflu Saisonale Grippe (Subunit-Impfstoff aus Zellkultur) 2011 III - US-Zulassung soll plangemäss 2011 beantragt werden Fluad Saisonale Grippe (Subunit-Impfstoff mit Adjuvans MF59 ) 2012 III - EU-Zulassungsantrag für den Einsatz bei Kindern 2010 eingereicht - Phase-III-Studie läuft - US-Zulassungsantrag für den Einsatz bei älteren Menschen ist für 2012 geplant Bexsero Impfstoff aus mehreren Komponenten zur Prävention von Meningokokken-Erkrankungen der Serogruppe B >=2013 II - EU-Zulassungsantrag 2010 eingereicht - US-Zulassungsantrag für >=2013 geplant MenABCWY Prävention von Meningokokken-Erkrankungen (Serogruppen A, B, C, Y und W-135) >=2013 II Streptokokken der Serogruppe B Prävention von Infektionen durch Streptokokken der Serogruppe B >=2013 I Disclaimer Diese Mitteilung enthält in die Zukunft gerichtete Aussagen, die bekannte und unbekannte Risiken, Unsicherheiten und andere Faktoren beinhalten, die zur Folge haben können, dass die tatsächlichen Ergebnisse wesentlich von den erwarteten Ergebnissen, Leistungen oder Errungenschaften abweichen, wie sie in den zukunfts­bezogenen Aussagen enthalten oder impliziert sind. Einige der mit diesen Aussagen verbundenen Risiken sind in der englischsprachigen Version dieser Mitteilung und dem jüngsten Dokument 'Form 20-F' der Novartis AG, das bei der 'US Securities and Exchange Commission' hinterlegt wurde, zusammengefasst.
 This year, Novartis also began a collaboration with molecular diagnostics company Cepheid to develop a new FDA cleared/approved Bcr-Abl test, which adheres to the International Scale. The goal of the collaboration is to help doctors more reliably monitor Ph+ CML patients. Cepheid and Novartis also will develop a next generation test, which is expected to enable even more sensitive testing, indicating the depth of a patient's response to tyrosine kinase inhibitors, including Tasigna and Glivec. Currently there are no FDA cleared/approved tests to monitor for Bcr-Abl. "The creation and introduction of Glivec revolutionized the treatment of Ph+ CML by substantially improving overall survival rates for patients," said Hervé Hoppenot, President, Novartis Oncology. "We are encouraged by the ongoing clinical development of Tasigna as a new treatment showing that at 24 months it continues to surpass Glivec in slowing disease progression in patients with newly diagnosed chronic phase Ph+ CML." Another study will be presented at this year's annual ASH meeting which provides further support for the use of Tasigna in patients with newly diagnosed Ph+ CML. The Gruppo Italiano Malattie Ematologiche dell'Adulto (GIMEMA) study, an ongoing, open-label, single-stage, multicenter Phase II clinical trial, will be presented on Monday, December 6, 2010[2]. ENESTnd Study Details The clinical trial, ENESTnd ( E valuating N ilotinib E fficacy and S afety in Clinical T rials of N ewly D iagnosed Ph+ CML Patients), is a Phase III randomized, open-label, multicenter trial comparing the efficacy and safety of Tasigna versus Glivec in adult patients with newly diagnosed Ph+ CML in chronic phase[1].
 Tuberous sclerosis complex AML 2011 III ER+ breast cancer 2012 III HER2+ breast cancer 2013 III Gastric cancer 2012 III HCC (Hepatocellular cancer) 2013 III - Initiated Phase III study in Q2 Lymphoma ≥2014 III AFQ056 Parkinson's disease- L-dopa induced dyskinesia 2012 II Fragile X syndrome 2012 II AG0178 Major depressive disorder 2012 III - Sublingual Phase III program initiated May 2010 AIN457 Behcet's uveitis 2010 III - On track for 2010 submission Non-infectious uveitis 2011 III Psoriasis 2013 II - Phase III start planned for 2011 Rheumatoid arthritis 2013 II - Phase III start planned for end of 2010 ASA404 2 nd line non-small cell lung cancer 2012 III - Interim analysis in H2 2010 BAF312 Multiple sclerosis ≥2014 II - Phase II data expected in Q4 2010 Certican Prevention of organ rejection - liver 2011 III DEB025 Hepatitis C 2013 II - Phase III start planned in Q4 2010 Exjade Non transfusion dependent Thalassemia 2011 II HCD122 Hematological tumors ≥2014 I INC424 Myelofibrosis 2011 III LBH589 Hodgkin's lymphoma 2010 II - On track for 2010 submission - Updated Phase II pivotal study data oral presentation at ASCO and European Hematology Association (EHA) congresses Multiple myeloma 2013 III - Phase I data oral in combination with Velcade(TM) (bortezomib) presentation at ASCO Hematological tumors ≥2014 II LCQ908 Type 2 diabetes ≥2014 II - Phase II interim results expected in second half of 2010 LCZ696 Heart failure ≥2014 III LDE225 Gorlin's syndrome 2011 II Lucentis Retinal vein occlusion 2010 III - EU submission on track for Q4 2010 (with Genentech Phase III data) NVA237 Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 2011 III PKC412 Aggressive systemic mastocytosis 2011 II Acute myeloid leukemia 2013 III PRT128 Acute coronary syndrome Chronic coronary heart disease 2013 II - First data from INNOVATE-PCI Phase II trial results to be presented at European Society of Cardiology in August 2010 - First Phase III start planned for H2 2010 PTK796 Complicated skin and soft tissue infections 2012 III QAX028 Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ≥2014 II - Results from a Phase IIa efficacy study are expected in H2 2010 QMF149 Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 2013 II Asthma 2013 II QTI571 (Glivec) Pulmonary arterial hypertension 2011 III QVA149 Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 2012 III - Results from a Phase IIa efficacy study presented in late 2009 - Phase III started in April 2010 Project/ Compound Potential indication/ Disease area Planned submissions Current Phase News update RLX030 Acute heart failure 2013 III SBR759 Hyperphosphatemia 2011 III SMC021 Osteoarthritis 2011 III - Waiting for data in H2 2010 Osteoporosis 2011 III - On track for 2011 submission. - Two-year interim analysis expected end 2010 SOM230 Cushing's disease 2010 III - On track for 2010 submission - Phase III study met endpoint; results to be submitted for presentation at the 14th Congress of the European Neuroendocrine Association Acromegaly 2011 III Refractory / resistant carcinoid syndrome 2011 III Tasigna Gastrointestinal stromal tumor ≥2014 III cKIT melanoma 2012 III - Phase III started in April 2010 TKI258 Solid tumors 2013 II Selected vaccine pipeline projects Project/ Compound Potential indication/ Disease area Planned submissions Current Phase News update Menveo Prevention of meningococcal disease (serogroups A, C, Y and W-135) in infants 2011 (EU/US) III MenB (meningococcal serogroups B) Multi-component vaccine for prevention of meningococcal disease (serogroup B) 2010 (EU) III - Awaiting Phase III results in EU (Q3/Q4) before progressing with Phase III in US Optaflu Seasonal influenza (cell culture subunit vaccine) 2011 (US) III Fluad pediatric Seasonal influenza (subunit vaccine with MF59 adjuvant) 2010 (EU) III - Trial results to be published in Q3 Disclaimer These materials contain certain forward-looking statements relating to the Group's business, which can be identified by terminology such as "momentum," "recommendation," "investigational," "strategic," " commitment," "goal," "pipeline," "encouraged," "recommendation," "priority review," "potential," "strategy," "can," "promising," "on track," "expected," "will," "to continue to," "promising," "could," "outlook," "expects," "expectation," "expectations," "plans," "would," "recommended," "planned," "to be," or similar expressions, or by express or implied discussions potential future sales or earnings of the Novartis Group or any of its divisions or business units; or regarding potential new products, potential new indications for existing products, or regarding potential future revenues from any such products, or regarding the potential acquisition and merger with Alcon; or by discussions of strategy, plans, expectations or intentions.
 Rare/serious adverse reactions include: sepsis, pneumonia, depression, convulsions, cardiac failure, thrombosis/embolism, ileus, pancreatitis, hepatic failure, exfoliative dermatitis, angioedema, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, renal failure, fluid retention, edema (including brain, eye, pericardium, abdomen and lung), hemorrhage (including brain, eye, kidney and gastrointestinal tract), diverticulitis, gastrointestinal perforation, tumor hemorrhage/necrosis and hip osteonecrosis/avascular necrosis. Patients with cardiac disease or risk factors for cardiac failure should be monitored carefully and any patient with signs or symptoms consistent with cardiac failure should be evaluated and treated. Cardiac screening should be considered in patients with HES/CEL, and patients with MDS/MPD with high level of eosinophils (echocardiogram, serum troponin level). Glivec is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to imatinib or any of its excipients. Women of childbearing potential should be advised to avoid becoming pregnant while taking Glivec. Disclaimer The foregoing release contains forward-looking statements that can be identified by terminology such as "to file," "may," "should," "potential," "promise," "plans," "will," or similar expressions, or by express or implied discussions regarding potential new indications or labeling for Tasigna or regarding potential future revenues from Tasigna or Glivec. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. Such forward-looking statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results with Tasigna or Glivec to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. There can be no guarantee that Tasigna will be submitted or approved for any additional indications or labeling in any market. Nor can there be any guarantee that Tasigna or Glivec will achieve any particular levels of revenue in the future. In particular, management's expectations regarding Tasigna and Glivec could be affected by, among other things, unexpected clinical trial results, including unexpected new clinical data and unexpected additional analysis of existing clinical data; unexpected regulatory actions or delays or government regulation generally; the company's ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection; competition in general; government, industry and general public pricing pressures; the impact that the foregoing factors could have on the values attributed to the Novartis Group's assets and liabilities as recorded in the Group's consolidated balance sheet, and other risks and factors referred to in Novartis AG's current Form 20-F on file with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated or expected.
 Thanks to ongoing geographic rollout and improving reimbursement levels, recently launched products - led by Lucentis, Exelon Patch , Exforge, Exjade, Reclast/Aclasta , Tekturna/Rasilez and Tasigna - delivered USD 872 million of sales in the 2009 quarter, up 94% lc over the 2008 quarter. These products provided eight percentage points of the 12% lc sales growth in the 2009 first quarter while also representing 14% of the division's net sales compared to 8% in the 2008 period. All therapeutic franchises grew in local currencies. Oncology (USD 2.0 billion, +13% lc) ranked as the largest, led by Gleevec/Glivec (USD 894 million, +13% lc), Femara (USD 286 million, +15% lc) and Zometa (USD 342 million, +10% lc). Cardiovascular (USD 1.7 billion, +14% lc) strategic portfolio gains came from the new high blood pressure medicines Exforge (USD 136 million) and Tekturna/Rasilez (USD 52 million) as well as ongoing global expansion of Diovan (USD 1.4 billion, +7% lc), particularly outside the US. Vaccines and Diagnostics: USD 247 million (-12%, -2% lc) The modest decline in local currencies mainly reflected lower sales of TBE (tick-borne encephalitis) vaccines due to the weather-related late start of the European vaccination season in 2009.
 Dank der laufenden Markteinführung in weiteren geografischen Regionen und dank höherer Erstattungsniveaus erzielten die jüngsten Produkte - allen voran Lucentis, das Exelon Pflaster , Exforge, Exjade, Aclasta/Reclast , Rasilez/Tekturna und Tasigna - im ersten Quartal 2009 einen Umsatz von USD 872 Millionen und damit gegenüber dem Vorjahresquartal eine Steigerung von 94% in lokalen Währungen. Diese Produkte trugen im ersten Quartal 2009 8 Prozentpunkte zum Umsatzwachstum von 12% in Lokalwährungen bei und steigerten ihren Anteil am Nettoumsatz der Division gegenüber dem Vorjahreszeitraum von 8% auf 14%. Alle Therapiebereiche verzeichneten Zuwächse in Lokalwährungen. Als umsatzstärkster Bereich behauptete sich der Onkologiebereich (USD 2,0 Milliarden, +13% in lokalen Währungen) mit den führenden Produkten Glivec/Gleevec (USD 894 Millionen, +13% in lokalen Währungen), Femara (USD 286 Millionen, +15% in lokalen Währungen) und Zometa (USD 342 Millionen, +10% in lokalen Währungen). Für den Zuwachs des strategischen Herz-Kreislauf-Portfolios (USD 1,7 Milliarden, +14% in lokalen Währungen) sorgten die neuen Blutdrucksenker Exforge (USD 136 Millionen) und Rasilez/Tekturna (USD 52 Millionen) wie auch die anhaltende weltweite Expansion von Diovan (USD 1,4 Milliarden, +7% in lokalen Währungen), insbesondere ausserhalb der USA. Vaccines and Diagnostics: USD 247 Millionen (-12%, -2% in lokalen Währungen) Der moderate Umsatzrückgang in Lokalwährungen beruht vor allem auf geringeren Verkäufen von Impfstoffen gegen Frühsommer-Meningoenzephalitis infolge des wetterbedingt späten Beginns der Impfsaison 2009 in Europa.
 In the two studies, 74%[2] and 45%[1] of patients treated with Tasigna exhibited MMR after six months. Tasigna was well tolerated in both studies. "Newly diagnosed patients taking Tasigna experienced remarkable responses with minimal toxicity," said Jorge Cortes, MD, Professor of Medicine and Deputy Chair of Leukemia at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. "These results indicate there is potential for patients to reach important clinical milestones faster." Glivec[*](imatinib) is the standard treatment for Ph+ CML and rapidly transformed the treatment of CML when it was introduced in 2001. An ongoing Phase III trial called ENESTnd (Evaluating Nilotinib Efficacy in Clinical Trials of Newly Diagnosed Ph+ CML Patients) is evaluating Tasigna vs. Glivec in newly diagnosed patients and is now fully accrued. Data from ENESTnd will be reported once available. "Building on the wealth of scientific and clinical knowledge we have gained with Glivec, Novartis strives to continually uncover novel approaches to help Ph+ CML patients achieve the best long-term outcomes," said David Epstein, President and CEO, Novartis Oncology. Tasigna is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor approved for the treatment of patients who are resistant or intolerant to prior treatment including Glivec. Tasigna is specifically designed to target the Bcr-Abl protein, which is produced only by cells containing the abnormal Philadelphia chromosome, and is recognized as the key cause of the overproduction of cancerous white blood cells. The Philadelphia chromosome is found in nearly all patients with CML. Study results The first study, conducted by the Gruppo Italiano Malattie Ematologiche dell'Adulto ("GIMEMA"), is an ongoing, open-label, single-stage, multicenter Phase II clinical trial, designed to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy and safety of Tasigna 800 mg/day as a first-line treatment. Seventy-three patients with newly diagnosed Ph+ CML in early chronic phase are enrolled in the trial.
 Tasigna should be used with caution in patients with uncontrolled or significant cardiac disease (e.g. recent heart attack, congestive heart failure, unstable angina or clinically significant bradycardia), as well as in patients who have or may develop prolongation of QTc. These include patients with abnormally low potassium or magnesium levels, patients with congenital long QT syndrome, patients taking anti-arrhythmic medicines or other drugs that may lead to QT prolongation. Low levels of potassium or magnesium must be corrected prior to Tasigna administration. Studies have also shown virtually no non-hematologic cross-intolerance between Glivec and Tasigna. (Cross-intolerance occurs when patients cannot tolerate two different drugs because of the same side effects). Causes of non-hematologic intolerance to Glivec included Grade 3 or 4 rash/skin toxicity, fluid retention, gastrointestinal intolerance, liver toxicity, and myalgia/arthralgia. About Glivec Glivec is approved in more than 90 countries including the US, EU and Japan for the treatment of all phases of Ph+ CML. Glivec is also approved in the EU, US and other countries for the treatment of patients with Kit (CD117)-positive gastrointestinal tumors (GIST), which cannot be surgically removed and/or have already spread to other parts of the body (metastasized). In Japan, Glivec is approved for the treatment of patients with Kit (CD117)-positive GIST. In the EU, Glivec is also approved for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia (Ph+ ALL) in combination with chemotherapy and as a single agent for patients with relapsed or refractory Ph+ ALL. Glivec is also approved for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable, recurrent and/or metastatic dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP) who are not eligible for surgery. Glivec is also approved for the treatment of patients with myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases (MDS/MPD). Glivec is also approved for hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (HES/CEL). The effectiveness of Glivec is based on overall hematologic and cytogenetic response rates and progression-free survival in CML, on hematological and cytogenetic response rates in Ph+ ALL, and on objective response rates in GIST and DFSP. There are no controlled trials demonstrating increased survival. Not all indications are available in every country. Glivec contraindications, warnings and adverse events The majority of patients treated with Glivec in clinical trials experienced adverse events at some time. Most events were of mild to moderate grade and treatment discontinuation was not necessary in the majority of cases. The safety profile of Glivec was similar in all indications. The most common side effects included nausea, superficial edema, muscle cramps, skin rash, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, myalgia, arthralgia, hemorrhage, fatigue, headache, joint pain, cough, dizziness, dyspepsia and dyspnea, dermatitis, eczema, fluid retention, as well as neutropenia, thrombocytopenia and anemia. Glivec was generally well-tolerated in all the studies that were performed, either as monotherapy or in combination with chemotherapy, with the exception of a transient liver toxicity in the form of transaminase elevation and hyperbilirubinemia observed when Glivec was combined with high-dose chemotherapy. Rare/serious adverse reactions include: sepsis, pneumonia, depression, convulsions, cardiac failure, thrombosis/embolism, ileus, pancreatitis, hepatic failure, exfoliative dermatitis, angioedema, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, renal failure, fluid retention, edema (including brain, eye, pericardium, abdomen and lung), hemorrhage (including brain, eye, kidney and gastrointestinal tract), diverticulitis, gastrointestinal perforation, tumor hemorrhage/ necrosis, hip osteonecrosis/avascular necrosis. Patients with cardiac disease or risk factors for cardiac failure should be monitored carefully and any patient with signs or symptoms consistent with cardiac failure should be evaluated and treated.
 1 branded high blood pressure medicine thanks to double-digit net sales growth in the US, Japan and Latin America. Diovan has achieved a 40% share of its market segment in the US among angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) and has been growing faster than the US anti-hypertensive market. Co-Diovan/Diovan HCT, a single-tablet combination with a diuretic, is now the No. 1 branded antihypertension combination therapy in the US and has benefited worldwide from increasing use of multiple therapies to help patients reach treatment goals. Gleevec/Glivec (USD 2.2 billion, +14% lc), a targeted therapy for certain forms of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) and gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST), expanded net sales based on improved survival rates for patients, expansion of the GIST market and use in rare diseases. Competition has also expanded the CML market, but it had little impact on underlying demand. During the third quarter, the FDA approved updated labeling that includes five years of data demonstrating an estimated overall survival rate of 89.4% in CML patients, confirming the generally well-tolerated safety profile in these patients.
 Analysis of the data indicated that Tekturna/Rasilez , which was developed in collaboration with Speedel Pharma AG, did not induce any changes in the mucosal lining of the colon, as evaluated by colonoscopy and biopsies. Tasigna[1] (nilotinib) was accepted in late 2006 for both US and EU regulatory review as a new option for patients with resistance and/or intolerance to treatment in certain forms of chronic myeloid leukemia. Phase II registration data, presented in December at the American Society of Hematology annual meeting, showed that Tasigna had impressive efficacy and a manageable safety profile, with patients intolerant to Gleevec/Glivec rarely experiencing the same side-effects on Tasigna . About half of patients treated with Tasigna had significantly reduced or no presence of cells with the defective chromosome that causes this blood cancer. Both Tasigna and Gleevec/Glivec , another Novartis medicine, inhibit Bcr-Abl, the definitive cause of Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML). Tasigna was designed to be a more selective inhibitor of Bcr-Abl and its mutations. Lucentis (ranibizumab) is anticipated to receive European Union approval in the coming weeks as a new treatment option for patients with "wet" age-related macular degeneration, a leading cause of blindness in people over age 50. Lucentis was approved in June 2006 in the United States and in August 2006 in Switzerland.
 Menée par les secteurs d'activités Cardiovasculaire, Oncologie et Neurosciences, qui ont tous trois affiché une croissance à deux chiffres, la division Pharmaceuticals a une nouvelle fois progressé plus rapidement que l'industrie. Les ventes des produits stratégiques de Cardiovasculaire ont augmenté de 13% (+13% en m. l.) à USD 1,6 milliard, grâce aux excellentes performances de Diovan (+16% en m. l.) et de Lotrel (+25% en m. l.), tandis que les ventes d'Oncologie ont atteint USD 1,5 milliard, en hausse de 13% (+13% en m. l.), poussées par Glivec/Gleevec (+20% en m. l.) et Femara (+27% en m. l.). La première consolidation des produits pharmaceutiques de Chiron a contribué pour 2 points de pourcentage à la croissance du chiffre d'affaires net. Aux Etats-Unis, le chiffre d'affaires net a progressé de 20% à USD 2,4 milliards, suite à la croissance à deux chiffres de nombreux produits-clés, en partie soutenue par le nouveau programme de médicaments Medicare. Cette performance a toutefois été en partie entravée par une baisse des ventes d' Elidel et de Visudyne.
 Results of the International Randomized Interferon versus STI571 (IRIS) were presented today at the 2006 Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology. Data from the IRIS study, the largest clinical trial to date for newly diagnosed adult patients with Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) in chronic phase, showed the overall survival rate at five years to be 89.4% (range 86% to 92%) for patients receiving Glivec. This considers deaths from all causes, but only 4.6% of the patients died from causes related to their leukemia. Before Glivec was available, about 50% of patients progressed to the more advanced stages of Ph+ CML after only three to five years, and survival was generally short for those patients. The results of this Phase III trial, which was started in June 2000, also showed that the number of patients with a complete cytogenetic response increased from 69% to 87% between the first and fifth years of treatment. Moreover, the yearly risk of progressing to advanced disease continued to decline - to 0.6% in the fifth year.
 On estime à plus de deux millions dans le monde le nombre de personnes atteintes de sclérose en plaques, première affection neurologique chez les jeunes adultes, selon la Multiple Sclerosis International Federation. Les traitements disponibles actuellement sur le marché ont des effets cliniques limités et nécessitent de fréquentes injections, allant de plusieurs fois par semaine à plusieurs fois par jour. Si les essais de phase III menés à plus grande échelle confirment les résultats préliminaires, FTY720 pourrait représenter une percée majeure et attendue de longue date pour les patients atteints de SEP. Glivec/Gleevec (imatinib mesylate), indiqué pour tous les stades de la leucémie myéloïde chronique (LMC) à chromosome Philadelphie positif (Ph+) et certaines formes de tumeurs stromales gastro-intestinales (TSGI), a reçu dernièrement l'approbation de l'EMEA pour porter la dose quotidienne moyenne de 400 mg à 600 mg ou à 800 mg pour des patients ayant eu récemment un diagnostic de LMC et TSGI en phase chronique. Un dossier d'enregistrement sera déposé d'ici la fin de l'année 2005 aux Etats-Unis, dans l'Union Européenne et au Japon pour le traitement de la leucémie lymphoblastique aiguë (LLA) avec un chromosome Philadelphie ainsi que pour d'autres maladies rares.
 Recipients were transplanted using either 2 × 10 6 tBM cells or 1 × 10 6 tBM cells in combination with 1 × 10 6 tspleen cells from dtg or control mice. Neutrophilia and splenomegaly were present in Bcr–Abl positive tBM and tBM+tspleen cell transplanted mice, 50 days after transplantation ( Figures 4d, e and Supplementary Figure S10 ). However, in addition, neutrophilia was significantly increased in mice receiving combined tBM and tspleen cells in comparison with tBM cells only, although transplanted cell numbers were identical in both groups. Imatinib is less effective on leukemic spleen cells compared with BM cells Splenomegaly is associated with a poor prognosis in CML patients. 16 , 17 To study the therapeutic success of CML therapy on BM vs spleen cells, we extended our analysis of cohorts of mice treated with imatinib or water as previously described 10 for the response of different cell subpopulations from BM and spleen. Engraftment of transplanted cells was confirmed by FACS analysis 27 days after bone marrow transplantation and showed CD45.1 positivity of 83.4±3.2% in BM and 61.8±5.7% in spleen of dtg mice ( n =3) and 85.9±14.6% in BM and 70.8±6.2% in spleen of the controls ( n =3). Mice were then treated with either imatinib or water by oral administration. Mice were killed for analysis 32 days after initiation of treatment. Donor (CD45.1) BM cells were shown to be significantly increased in water-treated dtg mice compared with controls. However, donor cells in imatinib-treated mice were decreased to control levels ( Figure 5a ). Moreover, the increase in granulocytes that was due to an increase in mature donor granulocytes (Gr1 high /CD45.1) in water-treated dtg mice was completely reverted upon imatinib treatment. Contrary to BM, imatinib-treated mice still showed a significant increase of mature leukemic spleen cells compared with controls, and this was true regardless whether total numbers ( Figure 5b ) or the percentage (data not shown) were calculated. The decrease of CD45.1 positive donor spleen cells in dtg imatinib-treated mice was accompanied by an increase of Ter119 positive cells and is thus not due to a therapeutic success but is caused by the increase of CD45 negative erythrocytes ( Figure 5b ). Splenomegaly was only mildly affected by imatinib treatment within 32 days, showing a 2.6-fold increase in dtg water-treated mice and a 1.6-fold increase in imatinib-treated mice, compared with respective controls ( Figure 5c ). Expression of Bcr–Abl was only slightly, but not significantly, decreased in BM or spleen of imatinib-treated mice (data not shown). Figure 5 Effect of imatinib treatment on BM vs spleen cells. 2 × 10 6 control or dtg BM cells (CD45.1) were injected into 9.5 Gy-irradiated recipients ( n ctrl=14/n dtg=15) positive for CD45.2. Imatinib treatment or application of vehicle control was begun 28 days after bone marrow transplantation (BMT) by oral gavage. ( a ) 32 days after continued imatinib or vehicle treatment, a cohort of mice was killed and BM cells were analyzed by FACS for the described immune phenotypes. ( b ) At the same time point total number of spleen cell populations was calculated based upon the percentage of each respective cell population and total spleen cell count. ( c ) Spleen weight was measured upon autopsy. All data are shown as mean±s.e.m. * P <0.05; IM=Imatinib. Full size image Discussion Enlargement of the spleen remains an adverse prognostic factor in CML patients both at diagnosis 16 , 17 and during imatinib treatment, 19 but the exact role of the spleen in the pathogenesis and maintenance of CML is still incompletely understood. Several clinical trials have been conducted to investigate whether targeting the spleen in CML may alter the course of the disease. Although prolonged complete remissions have in fact been documented in the past using splenectomy in patients with CML, 21 , 22 these reports are anecdotal and have not led to implementation of splenectomy into the standard treatment of CML. However, these individual successes do suggest that the spleen can be the major site of disease in selected patients.
 7 In our study, patients with P-loop mutations did not have a particularly poor prognosis compared to those with other or no mutations. One reason for the different outcome compared to others series 7 , 12 (Corm et al. , Blood 2004; 104 : 82a, abstract) is the patient selection. We analyzed for mutations a subset of patients still in cytogenetic remission, although they had failed to achieve MMR and had increasing transcript levels. Branford et al. 7 included only patients who had received imatinib for at least 6 months or had developed resistance before 6 months. Soverini et al. 12 investigated only patients in CP who failed to achieve an MMR after 12 months of therapy. In our series, 11 patients did not meet the criteria used by Branford et al. 7 and 16 patients did not meet the criteria of Soverini et al. 12 None of these 27 patients had mutations and their inclusion in our analysis indeed favorably affects the prognosis of the group with no mutations. We repeated the analysis excluding these patients and, as expected, the conclusions were identical (data not shown).
 E.4 Principal exclusion criteria Any of the following excludes the subject from participation in the study: 1)Any available standard line of therapy known to be life-prolonging or life-saving 2)Any concurrent chemotherapy, radiotherapy, immunotherapy, biologic, or hormonal therapy for treatment of cancer 3)For CLL patients only, rapidly progressive disease that in the estimation of the investigator and sponsor would compromise ability to complete study therapy 4)History of allergy or reaction to any component of the CAT-8015 formulation 5)Receipt of any chemotherapy or small molecule targeted therapy regimens (such as imatinib or other tyrosine kinase inhibitors, and including any experimental therapies) within 6 weeks prior to the first dose of CAT-8015 6)Receipt of any biological- or immunological-based therapies (including experimental therapies) for leukemia or lymphoma (including, but not limited to, monoclonal antibody therapy such as rituximab or cancer vaccine therapies) within 6 weeks prior to the first dose of CAT-8015 7)Prior radiation therapy will not be excluded, providing the volume of bone marrow treated is less than 25%. 8)Any history of prior pseudomonas-exotoxin (PE) immunotoxin administration, including CAT-8015, CAT-3888, or LMB-2 (anti-CD25 immunotoxin) 9)History of other invasive malignancy within 5 years except for cervical carcinoma in situ (CIS), non-melanomatous carcinoma of the skin or ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) of the breast that has been surgically cured 10)Evidence of significant active infection requiring antimicrobial, antifungal, antiparasitic or antiviral therapy or for which other supportive care is given 11)Autologous stem cell transplantation within 6 months prior to study entry 12)Allogenic stem cell transplantation or any other organ transplant 13)HIV-positive serology or AIDS 14)Active hepatitis B or C infection as defined by seropositivity for hepatitis B (HBsAg) or hepatitis C and elevated liver transaminases (defined as above the upper limit of normal per the institution normal ranges) 15)Use of immunosuppressive medication other than steroids within 7 days before the first dose of CAT-8015 16)Use of systemic steroids within 7 days before the first dose of CAT-8015 (inhaled and topical corticosteroids are permitted).
 E.8.2 Comparator of controlled trial E.8.2.1 Other medicinal product(s) Yes E.8.2.2 Placebo No E.8.2.3 Other No E.8.3 The trial involves single site in the Member State concerned No E.8.4 The trial involves multiple sites in the Member State concerned Yes E.8.4.1 Number of sites anticipated in Member State concerned 9 E.8.5 The trial involves multiple Member States Yes E.8.5.1 Number of sites anticipated in the EEA 34 E.8.6 Trial involving sites outside the EEA E.8.6.1 Trial being conducted both within and outside the EEA Yes E.8.6.2 Trial being conducted completely outside of the EEA Information not present in EudraCT E.8.6.3 If E.8.6.1 or E.8.6.2 are Yes, specify the regions in which trial sites are planned E.8.7 Trial has a data monitoring committee Yes E.8.8 Definition of the end of the trial and justification where it is not the last visit of the last subject undergoing the trial The cut-off date for the final primary analysis of progression free survival will be when 136 progression free survival events have occured or alternatively when the last remaining patient drops out, progress or completes a minimum of 32 weeks of dosing, whichever comes first.
 In a further particular embodiment, said POI is selected from the group consisting of acetylsalicylic acid, alpha-atrial natriuretic peptide, arginine vasopressin, atropine, augmerosen, atorvastatin, avastin, calcitonins, chorionic gonadotropins, corticotropin, desmopressin, epibatidine, erbitux, exenatide, herceptin, humira, humulin, ketoconazole, lanreotide, lutropin alpha, metoprolol, minoxidil, nesiritide, octreotide, paclitaxel, paracetamol, pegaptanib, recombinant follicle stimulating hormone, recombinant growth factors, remicade, rituxan, sermorelin, somatotropin, taxane derivatives, taxol, teriparatide acetate, thyrotropin, triclosan, urofollitropin, xolair, etc. In another embodiment, the POI is selected from the group consisting of actinomycin D, albendazole, aldosterone, alprazolam, amiodarone, amitriptyline, amprenavir, asimadoline, atorvastatin, bunitrolol, buspirone, camptothecin, carbamazepine, carvedilol, celiprolol, cyclosporine A, cimetidine, clotrimazole, colchicine, cortisone, daunorubicin, debrisoquine, dexamethasone, diazepam, digitoxin, digoxin, diltiazem, docetaxel, domperidone, doxorubicin, efavirenz, epirubicin, erythromycin, ergotamine, estradiol, estradiol glucuronide, erlotinib, etoposide, phenyloin, fentanyl, felodipine, phenothiazines, fexofenadine, fluoroquinolones, fluorouracil, FK-506, gentamicin, griseofulvin, hydrocortisone, imatinib, indinavir, itraconazole, ivermectin, ketoconazole, kaempferol, levofloxacin, lidocaine, loperamide, losartan, lovastatin, mebendazole, methylprednisolone, methotrexate, mibefradil, midazolam, nisoldipine, morphine, nelfinavir, nicardipine, nitrendipine, nifedipine, ondansetron, paclitaxel, pentazocine, praziquantel, prednisolone, prednisone, quercetin, quinidine, ranitidine, rapamycin, rifabutin, rifampicin, ritonavir, saquinavir, sirolimus, sulfamethizole, tacrolimus, tamoxifen, talinolol, teniposide, terfenadine, tetracycline, topotecan, triamcinolone, valspodar, verapamil, vinblastine, vincristine, vindesine, zopiclone, and mixtures thereof. In another particular embodiment, the POI is an excipient, i.e. a water immiscible or insoluble inactive substance that can be liquid, solid or semisolid, used as a medium or carrier for the active ingredients of a composition.
 WO 96/33980. Erlotinib is commercially available from Genentech/Roche under the trade name Tarceva, or may be obtained as described in PCT patent specification No. WO 96/30347. A preferred antibody targeting VEGF is bevacizumab which is commercially available from Genentech Inc under the trade name Avastin, or may be obtained as described in PCT patent specification No. WO 94/10202. Also preferred is sorafenib and sunitinib. A preferred PDGFR inhibitor is imatinib mesylate which is commercially available from Novartis AG under the trade name Gleevec™ (a.k.a. Glivec®), or may be obtained as described in European patent specification No 564409. A preferred Raf inhibitor is sorafenib which is available from Bayer AG, or may be obtained as described in PCT patent specification No. WO 00/42012. Specific Embodiments: In one embodiment, the signalling inhibitor is gefitinib (Iressa). In other embodiments the signalling inhibitor is selected from trastuzumab, cetuximab, gefitinib, erlotinib, bevacizumab, imatinib mesylate and sorafenib. Further combinations of the invention include the following signalling inhibitors: dasatinib, lapatinib, nilotinib, vandetanib, vatalinib and CHIR-258, in particular dasatinib, lapatinib, nilotinib, vandetanib and vatalinib. BMS is developing dasatinib (Sprycel or BMS-354825) an oral multitargeted kinase inhibitor, for the potential twice-daily treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and solid tumors. The drug is also under investigation for multiple myeloma (MM) and other hematologic malignancies. Dasatanib has proved effective in Ph+ CML and AML in clinical trials given twice daily at 50-90 mg and also in imatinib resistant patients. Thrombocytopenia and neutropenia were amongst the side effects observed during clinical evaluation of dasatinib. The structure of dasatinib, a Src/Abl kinase inhibitor is below: Dasatinib can be prepared by processes described in or analogous to WO 00/062778, WO 2005/076990 and WO 2005/077945. Novartis is developing nilotinib (AMN-107), an orally available signal transduction inhibitor that targets BCR-ABL, c-kit and PDGF, for the potential treatment of leukemias. The compound is being investigated for chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) and relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), systemic mastocytosis or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (hypereosinophilic syndrome), refractory gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST).
 No particular limitation is imposed on the target anticancer drug on which the agent for overcoming anticancer agent resistance or agent for potentiating anticancer agent effect containing, as an active ingredient, the BCRP inhibitor of the present invention, acts, so long as the anticancer drug can serve as a substrate for BCRP or its analog. Examples of such an anticancer drug include topoisomerase I inhibitors such as irinotecan hydrochloride/CPT-11 (active metabolite: SN-38) and topotecan; topoisomerase II inhibitors such as mitoxantrone, doxorubicin, daunorubicin, bisantrene, and etoposide; antifolates such as methotrexate; and molecule-targeting therapeutic drugs such as gefitinib and imatinib. Notably, no particular limitation is imposed on the BCPR analog, so long as it has the same anticancer resistance as that of BCRP. The dose of the BCRP inhibitor of the present invention may be appropriately determined in accordance with, for example, the administration method or the symptom of a patient. The daily dose for an adult is preferably 1 mg to 10 g, more preferably 100 mg to 10 g, particularly preferably 500 mg to 10 g.
 UniProt- Total matched Abbrev KB Reference MW fmol JA01 JA02 JA03 JA04 JA05 JA06 JA07 JA08 JA09 JA10 JA11 JA12 JA13 JA14 peptides Heat shock P08238 83264.4 2708.8638 14 5 11 260 54 55 20 25 5 24 242 57 51 19 260 protein HSP 90-beta Heat shock P07900 84659.9 1351.4965 6 7 209 47 38 14 14 20 234 11 234 protein HSP 90-alpha Signal P42229 90647.2 33.6765 78 73 78 transducer and activator of transcription 5A Signal P51692 89866.1 21.2998 64 62 64 transducer and activator of transcription 5B Mitogen- P28482 41389.8 79.3199 79 65 79 activated protein kinase 1; MAPK1; ERK-2 Serine/threonine- P42345 288892.5 16.4969 22 18 48 16 48 protein kinase mTOR Serine/threonine- Q9UHD2 83642.4 5.3258 9 16 16 protein kinase TBK1 Phosphoinositide Q99570 153103.9 6.7192 13 14 14 3-kinase regulatory subunit 4 Cell division P06493 34095.5 33.2760 27 24 27 protein kinase 1; CDK1 Calpain-1 P07384 81890.2 18.7642 22 27 27 catalytic subunit; CAPN1 Mitogen- P27361 43135.7 6.6438 27 27 27 activated protein kinase 3; ERK-1 Ribosomal P51812 83736.2 11.9267 20 15 20 protein S6 kinase alpha-3; RSK2 Inosine-5′- P12268 PubMed 55805.1 174.2461 66 7 70 14 70 monophosphate dehydrogenase 2 Signal P40763 88068.1 15.8176 22 24 24 transducer and activator of transcription 3 Tyrosine- Q06187 76281.5 10.8031 11 14 14 protein kinase BTK Regulatory- Q8N122 149038.0 4.8217 13 14 14 associated protein of mTOR; RAPTOR Rapamycin- Q6R327 192218.0 1.0407 7 7 insensitive companion of mTOR; RICTOR Mitogen- Q9Y6R4 181552.1 4.3965 6 11 11 activated protein kinase kinase kinase 4; MEKK4 Dedicator of Q92608 211949.0 4.2624 5 16 16 cytokinesis protein 2; DOCK2 Growth factor P62993 25206.4 20.7753 15 16 16 receptor- bound protein 2; Grb2 Epidermal P42566 PubMed 98655.9 20.4881 24 33 33 growth factor receptor substrate 15 Phosphatidylinositol P42356 231319.9 5.5247 12 18 18 4-kinase alpha Serine/threonine- Q9UBE8 http://www.ncbi.nim.nih.gov/ 57048.5 7.0941 7 14 14 protein pubmed/15764709 kinase NLK Histone- Q86X55 63460.1 50.3460 5 22 7 25 25 arginine methyltransferase CARM1 Protein Q14744 72684.1 17.3556 27 31 31 arginine N- methyltransferase 5 Crk-like P46109 33777.1 4.4171 11 11 protein; CRKL Proliferation- Q9UQ80 43787.0 28.0444 18 27 27 associated protein 2G4 Serine/threonine- P30153 65308.8 125.6820 78 76 11 78 protein phosphatase 2A 65 kDa regulatory subunit A alpha isoform Serine/threonine- P30154 66213.7 5.3180 34 37 37 protein phosphatase 2A 65 kDa regulatory subunit A beta isoform Mitogen- Q16539 41293.4 2.1763 9 11 11 activated protein kinase 14; p38 Protein ALO17 Q9HCF4 174897.6 9.9440 22 34 34 Vascular P17948 PubMed 150769.1 2.0434 23 14 23 endothelial growth factor receptor 1; VEGFR-1 Beta-type P09619 122828.1 2.0664 13 16 16 platelet- derived growth factor receptor; PDGFRB Protein- Q14289 115875.0 1.3365 4 4 tyrosine kinase 2-beta; FAK-2 Talin-1; TLN-1 Q9Y490 269767.8 3.1856 19 25 25 Vinculin P18206 123799.6 17.7700 35 46 46 Filamin-A P21333 280739.6 8.4872 42 46 46 Transforming Q8WUH2 97158.1 1.7989 15 15 growth factor- beta receptor- associated protein 1 DNA- P78527 469090.2 71.4210 236 30 251 41 251 dependent protein kinase catalytic subunit Plasminogen Q8NC51 44965.4 19.2385 17 20 20 activator inhibitor 1 RNA-binding protein; SERBP1 Metastasis- Q94776 PubMed 75023.3 17.8585 26 24 26 associated protein MTA2 Serine/threonine- Q98ZL6 96722.5 3.5358 6 9 9 protein kinase D2; PRKD2 RuvB-like 2; Q9Y230 51156.7 96.1562 51 59 59 TIP48 RuvB-like 1; Q9Y265 50228.1 111.9313 10 53 56 56 TIP49 Casein kinase P19784 41213.3 1.6994 9 11 11 II subunit alpha′ Casein kinase P67870 24942.5 9.0324 3 5 5 II subunit beta Casein kinase I P48729 38915.0 7.8446 5 7 7 isoform alpha N-terminal Q96KG9 89631.5 14.6654 11 21 21 kinase-like protein; SCYL1, telomerase i Telomere Q9Y4R8 PubMed: 91747.2 7.6607 25 20 25 length 12670948 regulation protein TEL2 homolog 182 kDa Q9C0C2 181781.8 7.9788 12 22 22 tankyrase-1- binding protein Serine/threonine- Q5H9R7 97669.4 10.1079 16 24 24 protein phosphatase 6 regulatory subunit 3; SAPS3 CDC27; P30260 91867.6 4.4289 17 20 20 Anaphase- promoting complex subunit 3 Inhibitor of Q15111 84729.2 2.1707 16 16 nuclear factor kappa-B kinase subunit alpha Serine/threonine- P67775 35594.3 63.3310 20 16 20 protein phosphatase 2A catalytic subunit alpha isoform Arf-GAP with Q15057 88028.9 4.8244 18 22 22 coiled-coil, ANK repeat and PH domain- containing protein 2 Interleukin Q12905 43062.2 48.8644 25 20 25 enhancer- binding factor 2; ILF2 Interleukin Q12906 95338.6 16.2442 9 20 9 21 21 enhancer- binding factor 3; ILF3 14-3-3 protein P62258 29174.0 20.1372 15 17 17 epsilon; YWHAE 14-3-3 protein P61981 28302.7 25.6664 12 12 12 gamma; YWHAG Serine/threonine- Q8TD19 107168.8 5.5558 5 11 11 protein kinase Nek9 Serine- Q9Y3F4 38438.4 9.5433 16 10 16 threonine kinase receptor- associated protein; STRAP Transforming Q969Z0 70738.2 7.4653 14 14 14 growth factor beta regulator 4 Insulin-like Q00425 63720.1 14.2841 18 16 18 growth factor 2 mRNA-binding protein 3 Insulin-like Q9NZI8 63456.6 26.2110 32 22 32 growth factor 2 mRNA-binding protein 1; IGF2BP1 Cell Q92600 33631.3 16.2644 9 10 10 differentiation protein RCD1 homolog 5′-AMP- Q13131 62807.9 11.2910 12 9 12 activated protein kinase catalytic subunit alpha- 1; PRKAA1 5′-AMP- P54619 37579.5 25.9468 19 19 19 activated protein kinase subunit gamma-1; PRKAG1 Calpain small P04632 28315.8 10.0635 9 6 9 subunit 1; CAPNS1 Cell growth- Q9NX58 43614.9 4.7794 4 7 7 regulating nucleolar protein; LYAR Serine Q43464 48840.9 8.0093 6 6 6 protease HTRA2 Kelch-like Q14145 69666.5 12.8272 21 20 21 ECH- associated protein 1 THUMP Q9BV44 57002.9 15.3092 18 19 19 domain- containing protein 3 Histone Q14929 49512.7 10.9424 4 18 18 acetyltransferase type B catalytic subunit; HAT1 Proliferating P12004 28768.9 38.3707 18 16 18 cell nuclear antigen Mitotic Q43684 37154.9 12.0013 8 10 10 checkpoint protein BUB3 Histone Q13547 55103.1 19.2088 11 16 16 deacetylase 1; HDAC1 Histone Q13547 48847.9 9.1175 9 13 13 deacetylase 3; HDAC3 Histone Q92769 55364.4 15.8525 7 11 11 deacetylase 2; HDAC2 Histone Q9UBN7 131419.6 8.6654 11 9 11 deacetylase 6; HDAC6 N- Q9H0A0 115704.1 3.0039 4 14 14 acetyltransferase 10; NAT10 Histone H1.2 P16403 21364.8 7.5569 7 6 7 BRCA1-A Q9NXR7 46974.6 11.1230 8 12 12 complex subunit BRE S-adenosyl-L- Q8N1G2 95321.1 3.4876 9 10 10 methionine- dependent methyltransferase FTSJD2 Cell division Q75419 65568.8 13.0274 14 14 14 control protein 45 homolog Probable Q76071 37840.1 15.5890 8 13 13 cytosolic iron- sulfur protein assembly protein CIAO1 Serine/threonine- Q96SB34 74325.0 7.2125 6 10 10 protein kinase SRPK1 Regulator of Q95758 59689.7 0.5622 13 13 differentiation 1′ ROD1 Mitogen- P45983 48295.7 6.6247 13 6 13 activated protein kinase 8; JNK1; SAPK1 Transducin- Q04726 83416.9 3.7256 13 13 like enhancer protein 3; TLE3 Mitogen- P45984 48139.2 3.5130 7 12 12 activated protein kinase 9; JNK2 Serine/threonine- Q66LE6 52042.6 5.9742 13 10 13 protein phosphatase 2A 55 kDa regulatory subunit B delta isoform Serine/threonine- Q8TF05 107004.4 9.6747 13 15 15 protein phosphatase 4 regulatory subunit 1 Mitogen- P31152 65921.9 1.9160 7 6 7 activated protein kinase 4; ERK4 Mitogen- Q16659 82681.0 3.0471 9 11 11 activated protein kinase 6; ERK3 Cell division P50613 39038.5 3.8042 6 9 9 protein kinase 7 Cell division P24941 33929.6 3.8552 9 8 9 protein kinase 2 Tyrosine- Q9H3S7 178974.0 5.6692 10 13 13 protein phosphatase non-receptor type 23; PTPN23 Tyrosine- P18031 49967.0 3.5169 9 9 protein phosphatase non-receptor type 1; PTPN1 Probable E3 Q9H000 46940.5 7.3243 11 12 12 ubiquitin- protein ligase makorin-2 E3 ubiquitin- Q9UNE7 34856.3 30.9572 14 12 14 protein ligase CHIP Protein SET Q01105 33488.9 21.0046 7 9 9 E3 ubiquitin- Q5T4S7 573842.7 20.1396 112 128 128 protein ligase UBR4 ELAV-like Q15717 36092.0 55.2953 20 21 21 protein 1 28 kDa heat- Q13442 20630.0 3.7688 2 2 and acid-stable phosphoprotein Autophagy Q9H1Y0 32447.3 2.0138 9 9 protein 5 Serine/threonine- Q13535 301367.6 1.0124 10 10 protein kinase ATR Protein Q8N163 102901.7 22.1394 19 26 26 KIAA1967 p30 DBC Transcriptional Q8WXI9 65260.9 1.5826 13 13 repressor p66- beta Transcription Q00267 120999.8 6.9075 18 16 18 elongation factor SPT5 Phosducin-like Q9H2J4 27614.4 4.3938 4 5 5 protein 3 Nuclease- P67809 35924.2 45.8457 26 24 26 sensitive element- binding protein 1 Protein CREG1 Q75629 24074.6 8.0371 2 3 3 Ras Q15404 31540.3 3.2914 5 4 5 suppressor protein 1 Large proline- P46379 119409.0 5.9599 5 6 6 rich protein BAT3 Serine/threonine- Q9BVS4 63283.2 3.6676 6 6 protein kinase RIO2 Serine/threonine- P36873 36983.9 4.9265 8 7 8 protein phosphatase PP1-gamma catalytic subunit Integrin-linked Q13418 51419.4 1.6140 4 4 protein kinase; ILK Proto- P11309 45412.5 0.6796 4 4 oncogene serine/threonine- protein kinase pim-1 Endoplasmin; P14625 92469.0 127.8154 21 79 22 14 4 48 71 20 7 79 GRP94 Heat shock Q12931 80110.2 209.2569 80 90 90 protein 75 kDa, mitochondrial, TRAP1 Hsc70- P50502 41331.8 96.9194 23 19 23 interacting protein; HIP Stress- P31948 62639.5 129.2074 68 72 72 induced- phosphoprotein 1; HOP Heat shock P11142 70898.2 211.9690 73 105 105 cognate 71 kDa protein Heat shock 70 kDa P08107 70052.3 115.7597 65 82 82 protein 1A/1B Heat shock- P54652 70021.1 7.7656 37 45 45 related 70 kDa protein 2 Heat shock 70 kDa P34932 94331.2 5.9277 9 17 17 protein 4 Heat shock 70 kDa P17066 71028.3 1.6158 39 44 44 protein 6 Hsp90 co- Q16543 44468.5 45.9047 17 16 17 chaperone Cdc37 Activator of 90 kDa Q95433 38274.4 19.5699 12 12 12 heat shock protein ATPase homolog 1; AHSA1 DnaJ homolog Q75165 29841.7 6.8808 5 6 6 subfamily C member 8 DnaJ homolog Q9UBS4 40514.0 14.4606 5 6 6 subfamily B member 11 DnaJ homolog Q99615 56441.0 19.0068 14 24 24 subfamily C member 7 DnaJ homolog Q60884 45745.8 31.2111 23 22 23 subfamily A member 2 DnaJ homolog Q8WXX5 29909.8 4.9413 3 4 4 subfamily C member 9 DnaJ homolog P31689 44868.4 49.8849 26 26 26 subfamily A member 1 DnaJ homolog Q96EY1 52537.9 7.9449 12 11 12 subfamily A member 3 Peptidyl-prolyl Q02790 51804.7 58.4334 37 50 50 cis-trans isomerase FKBP4 Peptidyl-prolyl Q14318 44561.8 1.5935 5 5 cis-trans isomerase FKBP8 Peptidyl-prolyl Q13356 58823.6 6.0454 11 21 21 cis-trans isomerase-like 2 AH receptor- Q00170 37664.2 32.7606 20 20 20 interacting protein; Immunophilin homolog ARA9 Heat shock Q92598 96865.2 0.8860 9 9 protein 105 kDa; Hsp110 BAG family Q95816 23772.0 4.0787 4 2 4 molecular chaperone regulator 2 Protein unc-45 Q9H3U1 103077.2 16.4590 28 45 45 homolog A Mitochondrial Q94826 67455.0 3.4547 14 10 14 import receptor subunit TOM70 Stress-70 P38646 73680.7 31.2908 41 38 41 protein; GRP75 78 kDa P11021 72333.1 12.7943 32 36 36 glucose- regulated protein; GRP78 60 kDa heat P10809 61054.8 27.0126 32 28 32 shock protein; Hsp60 Heat shock P04792 22782.6 162.0092 24 21 24 protein beta-1; Hsp27 *in gray are proteins for which the excized gel size fails to mach the reported MW TABLE 5e Function, pathway and network analysis eligible proteins selected for processing by Ingenuity Pathway from the input list  ©2000-2010 Ingenuity Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. ID Gene Description Location Family Drugs P07900 HSP90AA1 heat shock protein 90 kDa Cytoplasm other 17- alpha (cytosolic), class A dimethylaminoethylamino- member 1 17- demethoxygeldanamycin, IPI-504 P08238 HSP90AB1 heat shock protein 90 kDa Cytoplasm other 17- alpha (cytosolic), class B dimethylaminoethylamino- member 1 17- demethoxygeldanamycin, IPI-504 P00519 ABL1 c-abl oncogene 1, receptor Nucleus kinase saracatinib, imatinib, tyrosine kinase temozolomide P11274 BCR breakpoint cluster region Cytoplasm kinase imatinib P51812 RPS6KA3 ribosomal protein S6 Cytoplasm kinase kinase, 90 kDa, polypeptide 3 Q15418 RPS6KA1 ribosomal protein S6 Cytoplasm kinase kinase, 90 kDa, polypeptide 1 P42345 MTOR mechanistic target of Nucleus kinase deforolimus, OSI-027, rapamycin temsirolimus, tacrolimus, (serine/threonine kinase) everolimus Q8N122 RPTOR regulatory associated Cytoplasm other protein of MTOR, complex 1 Q99570 PIK3R4 phosphoinositide-3-kinase, Cytoplasm kinase regulatory subunit 4 Q8NEB9 PIK3C3 phosphoinositide-3-kinase, Cytoplasm kinase class 3 Q9BPZ7 MAPKAP1 mitogen-activated protein unknown other kinase associated protein 1 P42229 STAT5A signal transducer and Nucleus transcription activator of transcription 5A regulator P51692 STAT5B signal transducer and Nucleus transcription activator of transcription 5B regulator P04049 RAF1 v-raf-1 murine leukemia Cytoplasm kinase sorafenib viral oncogene homolog 1 P10398 ARAF v-raf murine sarcoma 3611 Cytoplasm kinase viral oncogene homolog P15498 VAV1 vav 1 guanine nucleotide Nucleus transcription exchange factor regulator Q06187 BTK Bruton Cytoplasm kinase agammaglobulinemia tyrosine kinase Q05397 PTK2 PTK2 protein tyrosine Cytoplasm kinase kinase 2 Q9H3S7 PTPN23 protein tyrosine Cytoplasm phosphatase phosphatase, non-receptor type 23 P40763 STAT3 signal transducer and Nucleus transcription activator of transcription 3 regulator (acute-phase response factor) P51617 IRAK1 interleukin-1 receptor- Plasma kinase associated kinase 1 Membrane P28482 MAPK1 mitogen-activated protein Cytoplasm kinase kinase 1 Q9Y6R4 MAP3K4 mitogen-activated protein Cytoplasm kinase kinase kinase kinase 4 Q15750 TAB1 TGF-beta activated kinase 1/ Cytoplasm enzyme MAP3K7 binding protein 1 Q16539 MAPK14 mitogen-activated protein Cytoplasm kinase SCIO-469, RO-3201195 kinase 14 P07384 CAPN1 calpain 1, (mu/l) large Cytoplasm peptidase subunit O00425 IGF2BP3 insulin-like growth factor 2 Cytoplasm translation mRNA binding protein 3 regulator O88477 IGF2BP1 insulin-like growth factor 2 Cytoplasm translation mRNA binding protein 1 regulator Q9Y6M1 IGF2BP2 insulin-like growth factor 2 Cytoplasm translation mRNA binding protein 2 regulator Q9Y265 RUVBL1 RuvB-like 1 ( E. coli ) Nucleus transcription regulator Q9Y230 RUVBL2 RuvB-like 2 ( E. coli ) Nucleus transcription regulator Q99417 MYCBP c-myc binding protein Nucleus transcription regulator O43823 AKAP8 A kinase (PRKA) anchor Nucleus other protein 8 Q9ULX6 AKAP8L A kinase (PRKA) anchor Nucleus other protein 8-like P06748 NPM1 nucleophosmin (nucleolar Nucleus transcription (includes phosphoprotein B23, regulator EG: 4869) numatrin) Q86X55 CARM1 coactivator-associated Nucleus transcription arginine methyltransferase 1 regulator Q13555 CAMK2G calcium/calmodulin- Cytoplasm kinase dependent protein kinase II gamma P29597 TYK2 tyrosine kinase 2 Plasma kinase Membrane Q9UHD2 TBK1 TANK-binding kinase 1 Cytoplasm kinase P42356 PI4KA phosphatidylinositol 4- Cytoplasm kinase kinase, catalytic, alpha Q96Q15 SMG1 SMG1 homolog, Cytoplasm kinase phosphatidylinositol 3- kinase-related kinase ( C. elegans ) Q93100 PHKB phosphorylase kinase, beta Cytoplasm kinase Q9NVE7 PANK4 pantothenate kinase 4 Cytoplasm kinase Q13131 PRKAA1 protein kinase, AMP- Cytoplasm kinase activated, alpha 1 catalytic subunit Q8N7V9 PRKAG1 protein kinase, AMP- Nucleus kinase activated, gamma 1 non- catalytic subunit Q96KG9 SCYL1 SCY1-like 1 ( S. cerevisiae ) Cytoplasm kinase Q13315 ATM ataxia telangiectasia Nucleus kinase mutated Q13535 ATR ataxia telangiectasia Nucleus kinase (includes and Rad3 related EG: 545) Q9Y3F4 STRAP serine/threonine kinase Plasma other receptor associated protein Membrane Q9BVS4 RIOK2 RIO kinase 2 (yeast) unknown kinase Q9BZL6 PRKD2 protein kinase D2 Cytoplasm kinase P48729 CSNK1A1 casein kinase 1, alpha 1 Cytoplasm kinase P67870 CSNK2B casein kinase 2, beta Cytoplasm kinase polypeptide Q8IVT5 KSR1 kinase suppressor of ras 1 Cytoplasm kinase Q9NSY1 BMP2K BMP2 inducible kinase Nucleus kinase (includes EG: 55589) Q96SB4 SRPK1 SFRS protein kinase 1 Nucleus kinase P78362 SRPK2 SFRS protein kinase 2 Nucleus kinase P53350 PLK1 polo-like kinase 1 Nucleus kinase BI 2536 ( Drosophila ) P06493 CDK1 cyclin-dependent kinase 1 Nucleus kinase flavopiridol P50613 CDK7 cyclin-dependent kinase 7 Nucleus kinase BMS-387032, flavopiridol Q8IX12 CCAR1 cell division cycle and Nucleus other apoptosis regulator 1 P30260 CDC27 cell division cycle 27 Nucleus other homolog ( S. cerevisiae ) Q9UJX2 CDC23 cell division cycle 23 Nucleus enzyme (includes homolog ( S. cerevisiae ) EG: 8697) Q13042 CDC16 cell division cycle 16 Nucleus other homolog ( S. cerevisiae ) P50750 CDK9 cyclin-dependent kinase 9 Nucleus kinase BMS-387032, flavopiridol O60566 BUB1B budding uninhibited by Nucleus kinase benzimidazoles 1 homolog beta (yeast) O43683 BUB1 budding uninhibited by Nucleus kinase benzimidazoles 1 homolog (yeast) Q9H1A4 ANAPC1 anaphase promoting Nucleus other complex subunit 1 Q9UJX3 ANAPC7 anaphase promoting unknown other complex subunit 7 Q9UJX4 ANAPC5 anaphase promoting Nucleus enzyme complex subunit 5 Q9UJX5 ANAPC4 anaphase promoting unknown enzyme complex subunit 4 Q8TD19 NEK9 NIMA (never in mitosis Nucleus kinase (includes gene a)- related kinase 9 EG: 91754) O75419 CDC45L CDC45 cell division cycle Nucleus other 45-like ( S. cerevisiae ) P46109 CRKL v-crk sarcoma virus CT10 Cytoplasm kinase oncogene homolog (avian)-like Q92608 DOCK2 dedicator of cytokinesis 2 Cytoplasm other Q96N67 DOCK7 dedicator of cytokinesis 7 unknown other (includes EG: 85440) Q5JSL3 DOCK11 dedicator of cytokinesis 11 unknown other P42566 EPS15 epidermal growth factor Plasma other receptor pathway substrate 15 Membrane P62993 GRB2 growth factor receptor- Cytoplasm other bound protein 2 Q13546 RIPK1 receptor (TNFRSF)- Plasma kinase interacting serine-threonine Membrane kinase 1 Q14687 KIAA0182 KIAA0182 unknown other Q13501 SQSTM1 sequestosome 1 Cytoplasm transcription regulator Q9BZK7 TBL1XR1 transducin (beta)-like 1 X- Nucleus transcription linked receptor 1 regulator O14744 PRMT5 protein arginine Cytoplasm enzyme methyltransferase 5 Q96LA8 PRMT6 protein arginine Nucleus enzyme methyltransferase 6 Q8WUV3 PRMT3 protein arginine Nucleus enzyme methyltransferase 3 Q2TAZ0 ATG2A ATG2 autophagy related 2 unknown other homolog A ( S. cerevisiae ) Q9C0C7 AMBRA1 autophagy/beclin-1 unknown other regulator 1 Q9H1Y0 ATG5 ATG5 autophagy related 5 Cytoplasm other (includes homolog ( S. cerevisiae ) EG: 9474) P62258 YWHAE tyrosine 3- Cytoplasm other monooxygenase/tryptophan 5-monooxygenase activation protein, epsilon polypeptide Q9BQG0 MYBBP1A MYB binding protein (P160) 1a Nucleus transcription regulator Q92600 RQCD1 RCD1 required for cell unknown other differentiation1 homolog ( S. pombe ) Q16531 DDB1 damage-specific DNA Nucleus other binding protein 1, 127 kDa P67809 YBX1 Y box binding protein 1 Nucleus transcription regulator Q9UKL0 RCOR1 REST corepressor 1 Nucleus transcription regulator Q13547 HDAC1 histone deacetylase 1 Nucleus transcription tributyrin, belinostat, regulator pyroxamide, MGCD0103, vorinostat, romidepsin O60341 KDM1A lysine (K)-specific Nucleus enzyme demethylase 1A Q9UBN7 HDAC6 histone deacetylase 6 Nucleus transcription tributyrin, belinostat, regulator pyroxamide, vorinostat, romidepsin Q16576 RBBP7 retinoblastoma binding Nucleus transcription protein 7 regulator Q92769 HDAC2 histone deacetylase 2 Nucleus transcription tributyrin, belinostat, regulator pyroxamide, vorinostat, romidepsin Q92922 SMARCC1 SWI/SNF related, matrix Nucleus transcription associated, actin regulator dependent regulator of chromatin, subfamily c, member 1 Q8TAQ2 SMARCC2 SWI/SNF related, matrix Nucleus transcription (includes associated, actin regulator EG: 6601) dependent regulator of chromatin, subfamily c, member 2 Q03169 TNFAIP2 tumor necrosis factor, Extracellular other alpha-induced protein 2 Space Q13492 PICALM phosphatidylinositol binding Cytoplasm other clathrin assembly protein Q8N163 KIAA1967 KIAA1967 Cytoplasm peptidase P33992 MCM5 minichromosome Nucleus enzyme maintenance complex component 5 P02786 TFRC transferrin receptor (p90, Plasma transporter CD71) Membrane Q13263 TRIM28 tripartite motif-containing 28 Nucleus transcription regulator Q9Y490 TLN1 talin 1 Plasma other Membrane O14777 NDC80 NDC80 homolog, Nucleus other kinetochore complex component ( S. cerevisiae ) Q13576 IQGAP2 IQ motif containing GTPase Cytoplasm other activating protein 2 P14174 MIF macrophage migration Extracellular cytokine inhibitory factor Space (glycosylation-inhibiting factor) Q9UQ80 PA2G4 proliferation-associated Nucleus transcription 2G4, 38 kDa regulator Q7L576 CYFIP1 cytoplasmic FMR1 Cytoplasm other interacting protein 1 P12004 PCNA proliferating cell nuclear Nucleus other antigen Q08J23 NSUN2 NOP2/Sun domain family, unknown enzyme member 2 O75376 NCOR1 nuclear receptor co- Nucleus transcription repressor 1 regulator Q9Y618 NCOR2 nuclear receptor co- Nucleus transcription repressor 2 regulator Q12906 ILF3 interleukin enhancer Nucleus transcription binding factor 3, 90 kDa regulator Q12905 ILF2 interleukin enhancer Nucleus transcription (includes binding factor 2, 45 kDa regulator EG: 3608) Q07666 KHDRBS1 KH domain containing, Nucleus transcription RNA binding, signal regulator transduction associated 1 Q9HCF4 RNF213 ring finger protein 213 Plasma other Membrane O94776 MTA2 metastasis associated 1 Nucleus transcription family, member 2 regulator P53041 PPP5C protein phosphatase 5, Nucleus phosphatase catalytic subunit O60610 DIAPH1 diaphanous homolog 1 Cytoplasm other ( Drosophila ) P27694 RPA1 replication protein A1, Nucleus other 70 kDa Q8NC51 SERBP1 SERPINE1 mRNA binding Nucleus other protein 1 P30154 PPP2R1B protein phosphatase 2 unknown phosphatase (formerly 2A), regulatory subunit A, beta isoform P63151 PPP2R2A protein phosphatase 2 Cytoplasm phosphatase (formerly 2A), regulatory subunit B, alpha isoform Q9UPN7 SAPS1 SAPS domain family, unknown other member 1 Q8WUH2 TGFBRAP1 transforming growth factor, Cytoplasm other beta receptor associated protein 1 Q9NTK5 OLA1 Obg-like ATPase 1 Cytoplasm other Q9UBR2 CTSZ cathepsin Z Cytoplasm peptidase (includes EG: 1522) Q15057 ACAP2 ArfGAP with coiled-coil, Nucleus other ankyrin repeat and PH domains 2 Q9Y2X7 GIT1 G protein-coupled receptor Nucleus other kinase interacting ArfGAP 1 Q92888 ARHGEF1 Rho guanine nucleotide Cytoplasm other exchange factor (GEF) 1 Q92974 ARHGEF2 Rho/Rac guanine Cytoplasm other nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) 2 P46060 RANGAP1 Ran GTPase activating Cytoplasm other protein 1 Q14C86 GAPVD1 GTPase activating protein unknown other and VPS9 domains 1 Q15042 RAB3GAP1 RAB3 GTPase activating Cytoplasm other protein subunit 1 (catalytic) P62826 RAN RAN, member RAS Nucleus enzyme oncogene family Q9NR31 SAR1A SAR1 homolog A Cytoplasm enzyme ( S. cerevisiae ) Q15907 RAB11B RAB11B, member RAS Cytoplasm enzyme oncogene family Q8TC07 TBC1D15 TBC1 domain family, Cytoplasm other member 15 Q9Y4R8 TELO2 TEL2, telomere unknown other maintenance 2, homolog ( S. cerevisiae ) Q5UIP0 RIF1 RAP1 interacting factor Nucleus other homolog (yeast) Q9BUR4 WRAP53 WD repeat containing, unknown other antisense to TP53 Q9C0C2 TNKS1BP1 tankyrase 1 binding protein 1, Nucleus other 182 kDa Q53EL6 PDCD4 programmed cell death 4 Nucleus other (neoplastic transformation inhibitor) Q86UX7 FERMT3 fermitin family homolog 3 Cytoplasm enzyme ( Drosophila ) Q14289 PTK2B PTK2B protein tyrosine Cytoplasm kinase kinase 2 beta P55196 MLLT4 myeloid/lymphoid or mixed- Nucleus other lineage leukemia (trithorax homolog, Drosophila ); translocated to, 4 Q9Y4L1 HYOU1 hypoxia up-regulated 1 Cytoplasm other Q96DA0 ZG16B zymogen granule protein unknown other 16 homolog B (rat) Q96PE3 INPP4A inositol polyphosphate-4- Cytoplasm phosphatase phosphatase, type I, 107 kDa P36915 GNL1 guanine nucleotide binding unknown other protein-like 1 Q9Y3Z3 SAMHD1 SAM domain and HD Nucleus enzyme domain 1 Q07157 TJP1 tight junction protein 1 Plasma other (zona occludens 1) Membrane P46379 BAT3 HLA-B associated Nucleus enzyme transcript 3 P21333 FLNA filamin A, alpha Cytoplasm other Q14315 FLNC filamin C, gamma Cytoplasm other Q86Y56 HEATR2 HEAT repeat containing 2 unknown other Q6AI08 HEATR6 HEAT repeat containing 6 unknown other P98160 HSPG2 heparan sulfate Plasma other (includes proteoglycan 2 Membrane EG: 3339) Q14247 CTTN cortactin Plasma other Membrane O00170 AIP aryl hydrocarbon receptor Nucleus transcription interacting protein regulator Q9H0A0 NAT10 N-acetyltransferase 10 Nucleus enzyme (GCN5-related) Q9UPY3 DICER1 dicer 1, ribonuclease type Cytoplasm enzyme III Q9NZB2 FAM120A family with sequence Cytoplasm other similarity 120A Q14980 NUMA1 nuclear mitotic apparatus Nucleus other protein 1 Q15645 TRIP13 thyroid hormone receptor Cytoplasm transcription interactor 13 regulator Q9Y4C2 FAM115A family with sequence unknown other similarity 115, member A Q8IYB8 SUPV3L1 suppressor of var1, 3-like 1 Cytoplasm enzyme ( S. cerevisiae ) Q96GA3 LTV1 LTV1 homolog ( S. cerevisiae ) unknown other Q9NX58 LYAR Ly1 antibody reactive Plasma other homolog (mouse) Membrane Q13510 ASAH1 N-acylsphingosine Cytoplasm enzyme amidohydrolase (acid ceramidase) 1 Q6UN15 FIP1L1 FIP1 like 1 ( S. cerevisiae ) Nucleus other Q14145 KEAP1 kelch-like ECH-associated Cytoplasm transcription protein 1 regulator Q12888 TP53BP1 tumor protein p53 binding Nucleus transcription protein 1 regulator Q07812 BAX BCL2-associated X protein Cytoplasm other Q9Y613 FHOD1 formin homology 2 domain Nucleus other containing 1 O75131 CPNE3 copine III Cytoplasm kinase Q04724 TLE1 transducin-like enhancer of Nucleus transcription split 1 (E(sp1) homolog, regulator Drosophila ) O14773 TPP1 tripeptidyl peptidase I Cytoplasm peptidase O60524 SDCCAG1 serologically defined colon Nucleus other cancer antigen 1 Q9Y2A7 NCKAP1 NCK-associated protein 1 Plasma other Membrane Q7Z3B4 NUP54 nucleoporin 54 kDa Nucleus transporter Q9BW27 NUP85 nucleoporin 85 kDa Cytoplasm other Q12769 NUP160 nucleoporin 160 kDa Nucleus transporter A5YKK6 CNOT1 CCR4-NOT transcription unknown other complex, subunit 1 Q9H9A6 LRRC40 leucine rich repeat Nucleus other containing 40 Q99623 PHB2 prohibitin 2 Cytoplasm transcription regulator Q08AM6 VAC14 Vac14 homolog ( S. cerevisiae ) unknown other Q9ULX3 NOB1 NIN1/RPN12 binding Nucleus other protein 1 homolog ( S. cerevisiae ) P78395 PRAME preferentially expressed Nucleus other (includes antigen in melanoma EG: 23532) Q8N1G2 FTSJD2 FtsJ methyltransferase unknown other domain containing 2 P19838 NFKB1 nuclear factor of kappa light Nucleus transcription polypeptide gene enhancer regulator in B-cells 1 P08195 SLC3A2 solute carrier family 3 Plasma transporter (activators of dibasic and Membrane neutral amino acid transport), member 2 Q15773 MLF2 myeloid leukemia factor 2 Nucleus other Q9NR28 DIABLO diablo homolog Cytoplasm other ( Drosophila ) O95831 AIFM1 apoptosis-inducing factor, Cytoplasm enzyme mitochondrion-associated, 1 Q7Z2W4 ZC3HAV1 zinc finger CCCH-type, Plasma other antiviral 1 Membrane Q8WXF1 PSPC1 paraspeckle component 1 Nucleus other O43815 STRN striatin, calmodulin binding Cytoplasm other protein P35232 PHB prohibitin Nucleus transcription (includes regulator EG: 5245) Q15058 KIF14 kinesin family member 14 Cytoplasm other Q13227 GPS2 G protein pathway Nucleus other suppressor 2 O75534 CSDE1 cold shock domain Cytoplasm enzyme containing E1, RNA-binding Q14839 CHD4 chromodomain helicase Nucleus enzyme DNA binding protein 4 O14497 ARID1A AT rich interactive domain Nucleus transcription 1A (SWI-like) regulator Q9P035 PTPLAD1 protein tyrosine Cytoplasm other phosphatase-like A domain containing 1 Q8WUZ0 BCL7C B-cell CLL/lymphoma 7C unknown other Q92733 PRCC papillary renal cell Nucleus other carcinoma (translocation- associated) Q9Y6W5 WASF2 WAS protein family, Cytoplasm other member 2 Q8NDX1 PSD4 pleckstrin and Sec7 domain unknown other containing 4 O96006 ZBED1 zinc finger, BED-type Nucleus enzyme containing 1 Q92542 NCSTN nicastrin Plasma peptidase Membrane Q6NSH3 CT45A5 cancer/testis antigen family unknown other 45, member A5 TABLE 5f Significant networks and associated biofunctions assigned by Ingenuity Pathways Core Analysis to proteins isolated by PU-H71 in the K562 cell line  ©2000-2010 Ingenuity Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.
 Chemotherapeutic agents which may be administered in combination with the compounds according to the invention include, without being restricted thereto, hormones, hormone analogues and antihormones (e.g. tamoxifen, toremifene, raloxifene, fulvestrant, megestrol acetate, flutamide, nilutamide, bicalutamide, aminoglutethimide, cyproterone acetate, finasteride, buserelin acetate, fludrocortisone, fluoxymesterone, medroxyprogesterone, octreotide), aromatase inhibitors (e.g. anastrozole, letrozole, liarozole, vorozole, exemestane, atamestane), LHRH agonists and antagonists (e.g. goserelin acetate, luprolide), inhibitors of growth factors (growth factors such as for example “platelet derived growth factor” and “hepatocyte growth factor”, inhibitors are for example “growth factor” antibodies, “growth factor receptor” antibodies and tyrosinekinase inhibitors, such as for example gefitinib, lapatinib and trastuzumab); signal transduction inhibitors (e.g. Imatinib and sorafenib); antimetabolites (e.g. antifolates such as methotrexate, premetrexed and raltitrexed, pyrimidine analogues such as 5-fluorouracil, capecitabin and gemcitabin, purine and adenosine analogues such as mercaptopurine, thioguanine, cladribine and pentostatin, cytarabine, fludarabine); antitumour antibiotics (e.g. anthracyclins such as doxorubicin, daunorubicin, epirubicin and idarubicin, mitomycin-C, bleomycin, dactinomycin, plicamycin, streptozocin); platinum derivatives (e.g. cisplatin, oxaliplatin, carboplatin); alkylation agents (e.g. estramustin, meclorethamine, melphalan, chlorambucil, busulphan, dacarbazin, cyclophosphamide, ifosfamide, temozolomide, nitrosoureas such as for example carmustin and lomustin, thiotepa); antimitotic agents (e.g. Vinca alkaloids such as for example vinblastine, vindesin, vinorelbin and vincristine; and taxanes such as paclitaxel, docetaxel); topoisomerase inhibitors (e.g. epipodophyllotoxins such as for example etoposide and etopophos, teniposide, amsacrin, topotecan, irinotecan, mitoxantron) and various chemotherapeutic agents such as amifostin, anagrelid, clodronat, filgrastin, interferon alpha, leucovorin, rituximab, procarbazine, levamisole, mesna, mitotane, pamidronate and porfimer. Suitable preparations include for example tablets, capsules, suppositories, solutions,—particularly solutions for injection (s.c., i.v., i.m.) and infusion—syrups, elixirs, emulsions or dispersible powders.
 In some embodiments, the subject has previously been treated with gemcitabine-based combination therapy, including but not limited to a combination of albumin-bound paclitaxel and gemcitabine. In some embodiments, the subject has previously been treated with an antimitotic agent selected from a group consisting of paclitaxel, docetaxel, vinblastine, vincristine, vindesine and vinorelbine. In some embodiments, the subject has previously been treated with a growth factor inhibitor selected from a group consisting of erlotinib, cetuximab, gefinitib, imatinib, panitumumab, sunitinib and vemurafenib. Methods for treating pancreatic cancer are provided, wherein the cationic liposomal formulation comprising paclitaxel is administered on days 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, 18, 22, 25, 29, 32, 36, 39, 43 and 46 at a dose of about 1 to 60 mg/m 2 and gemcitabine at a dose of about 300 to 1500 mg/m 2 is administered on days 4, 11, 18, 25, 32, 39 and 46 of a treatment cycle of seven weeks. Methods for treating pancreatic cancer are provided, wherein the methods comprise a first treatment cycle, which is followed by one or more subsequent treatment cycles.
 The method of claim 67 , wherein the yeast vehicle is a whole yeast. 73 . The method of claim 67 , wherein the yeast vehicle is obtained from Saccharomyces cerevisiae. 74 . The method of claim 67 , wherein the composition comprises a whole yeast transformed with and expressing a nucleic acid molecule which encodes Bcr-Abl or an immunogenic domain thereof, wherein the Bcr-Abl or immunogenic domain thereof comprises an escape mutation that emerges in response to the administration of imatinib.
 In the treatment of systemic scleroderma, a compound that inhibits RIP1 kinase, particularly a compound of Formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, may be administered in combination with an oral corticosteroid (such as prednisolone (Delatsone®, Orapred, Millipred, Omnipred, Econopred, Flo-Pred), an immunosuppressive agent (such as methotrexate (Rhuematrex®, Trexall®), cyclosporine (Sandimmune®), anti-thymocyte globulin (Atgam®), mycophenolate mofetil (CellCept®), cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan®), FK506 (tacrolimus), thalidomide (Thalomid®), chlorambucil (Leukeran®), azathioprine (Imuran®, Azasan®)), a calcium channel blocker (such as nifedipine (Procardia®, Adalat®) or nicardipine (Cardene®), a topical emollient (nitroglycerin ointment), an ACE inhibitor (such as lisinopril (Zestril®, Prinivil®), diltaizem (Cardizem®, Cardizem SR®, Cardizem CD®, Cardia®, Dilacor®, Tiazac®)), a serotonin reuptake inhibitor (such as fluoxetine (Prozac®)), an endothelin-1 receptor inhibitor (such as bosentan (Tracleer®) or epoprostenol (Flolan®, Veletri®, Prostacyclin®)) an anti-fibrotic agent (such as colchicines (Colcrys®), para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), dimethyl sulfoxide (KMSO), and D-penicillamine (Cuprimine®, Depen®), interferon alpha and interferon gamma (INF-g)), a proton-pump Inhibitor (such as omeprazole (Prilosec®), metoclopramide (Reglan®), lansoprazole (Prevacid®), esomeprazole (Nexium®), pantoprazole (Protonix®), rabeprazole (Aciphex®)) or imatinib (Gleevec®) ARG201 (arGentis Pharmaceutical), belimumab (Benlysta®), tocilizumab (Actema®). In the treatment of cystic fibrosis, a compound that inhibits RIP1 kinase, particularly a compound of Formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, may be administered in combination with a cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) potentiator (ivacftor (Kalydeco®)) a mucolytic agent (such as dornase alpha (Pulmozyme®)), pancreatic enzymes (such as Pancrelipase (Creon®, Pancreaze®, Ultresa®, Zenpep®)), a bronchodilator (such as albuterol (AccuNeb®, ProAir®, Proventil HFA®, VoSpire ER®, Ventolin HFA®)), an antibiotic (including inhaled, oral or parenteral, such as tobramycin solution for inhalation (TOBI®, Bethkis®, TOBI Podhaler®), aztreonam inhalation (Azactam®, Cayston®), colistimethate sodium (Coly-Mycin®), cephalosporins (cefadroxil monohydrate (Duricef®), cefazolin (Kefzol®), cephalexin (Keflex®), cefazolin (Ancef®, etc.), fluoroquinolones (moxifloxacin, levofloxacin, gemifloxacin, etc), azithromycin (Zithromax®), gentamicin (Garamycin®), piperacillin/tazobacam (Zosyn®), cephalexin (Keflex), ceftazidime (Fortaz, Tazicef), ciprofloxin (Cipro XR, Proquin XR), trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole (Bactrim DS, Septra DS), chloramphenicol)), or ivacftor (Kalydeco®)/lumacaftor (VX-809), ataluren (Translama®), or with tiopropium bromide (Spiriva® Handihaler®) as add on to standard therapy.


 The anticancer agent is at least one of a mitotic inhibitor; an alkylating agent; an antimetabolite; a cell cycle inhibitor; an enzyme; a topoisomerase inhibitor; a biological response modifier; an anti-hormone; a tubulin inhibitor; a tyrosine-kinase inhibitor; an antiangiogenic agent such as MMP-2, MMP-9 and COX-2 inhibitor; an anti-androgen; a platinum coordination complex (oxaliplatin, carboplatin); a substituted urea such as hydroxyurea; a methylhydrazine derivative; an adrenocortical suppressant, e.g., mitotane, aminoglutethimide; a hormone and/or hormone antagonist such as the adrenocorticosteriods (e.g., prednisone), progestins (e.g., hydroxyprogesterone caproate), an estrogen (e.g., diethylstilbestrol); an antiestrogen such as tamoxifen; androgen, e.g., testosterone propionate; and an aromatase inhibitor, such as anastrozole, and AROMASIN (exemestane). Exemplary anticancer agents include, but are not limited to, tubulin binding agents including paclitaxel, epothilone, docetaxel, discodermolide, etoposide, vinblastine, vincristine, teniposide, vinorelbine, and vindesine; tyrosine-kinase inhibitors including imatinib, nilotinib, dasatinib, bosutinib, ponatinib, and bafetinib; alkylating antineoplastic agents including busulfan, carmustine, chlorambucil, cyclophosphamide, cyclophosphamide, dacarbazine, ifosfamide, lomustine, mechlorethamine, melphalan, mercaptopurine, procarbazine; antimetabolites including cladribine, cytarabine, fludarabine, gemcitabine, pentostatin, 5-fluorouracil, clofarabine, capecitabine, methotrexate, thioguanine; cytotoxic antibiotics including daunorubicin, doxorubicin, idarubicin, mitomycin, actinomycin, epirubicin; topoisomerase inhibitors including irinotecan, mitoxantrone, topotecan, and mixtures thereof. As used herein, a “pharmaceutically acceptable carrier” refers to a carrier or diluent that does not cause significant irritation to an organism, does not abrogate the biological activity and properties of the administered active ingredient, and/or does not interact in a deleterious manner with the other components of the composition in which it is contained.
 It results in juxtaposition of the 5′ part of the BCR gene on chromosome 22 to the 3′ part of the ABL gene on chromosome 9. Since the majority of CML cases are currently treated with Imatinib, variant rearrangements in general have no specific prognostic significance, although the mechanisms involved in resistance to therapy have yet to be investigated. The T315I mutation within the abl-gene is the most frequent one associated with resistance to tyrosine kinase inhibitors.</p> <p>Results</p> <p>This study evaluated a Ph chromosome positive CML case resistant to imatinib mesylate. A dic(17;18), loss of TP53 gene, co-expression of b2a2 and b3a2 fusions transcript and a T315I mutation were found.</p> <p>Conclusions</p> <p>We reported here a novel case of a Ph chromosome positive CML with a secondary abnormality [dic(17;18)], resulting to Glivec resistance but good response to nilotinib. The dic(17;18) might be a marker for poor prognosis in CML. Our finding indicated for an aggressive progression of the disease. The patient died under the treatment due to unknown reasons.</p>
 Sales growth was driven by volume expansion, contributing eight percentage points, while currency benefits added three percentage points. Primary Care (excluding Mature Products) reported a net sales increase of 13% (+10% lc). The Cardiovascular franchise improved 12% (+9% lc) despite increased competition. Net sales in Specialty Medicines, which includes activities in Oncology, Transplantation & Immunology, and Ophthalmics, rose 20% (+16% lc). Oncology delivered dynamic growth of 26% (+22% lc) based on leading performances of the "best-in-class" oncology drugs Gleevec/Glivec, Zometa and Femara. First-quarter net sales in the US rose 5% to USD 1.8 billion after deducting the change in accounting, but were up 9% excluding the impact. In Europe, net sales rose 15% (+9% lc), while net sales advanced 19% (+16% lc) in Japan and 12% (+9% lc) in Latin America. Sales in the emerging growth markets climbed 17% (+11% lc).
   * Indicates, in this Form 10-Q, brand names of products, which are registered trademarks not owned by the Company or its subsidiaries. ELIQUIS is a trademark of Pfizer, Inc.; ERBITUX is a trademark of Eli Lilly and Company; AVAPRO/AVALIDE (known in the EU as APROVEL/KARVEA) and PLAVIX are trademarks of Sanofi; ABILIFY is a trademark of Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.; TRUVADA is a trademark of Gilead Sciences, Inc.; GLEEVEC is a trademark of Novartis AG; ATRIPLA is a trademark of Bristol-Myers Squibb and Gilead Sciences, LLC; ESTRACE and OVCON are trademarks of Warner-Chilcott Company, LLC; and DELESTROGEN is a trademark of JHP Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   45 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.     BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY (REGISTRANT) Date: July 28, 2011   By:   /s/ Lamberto Andreotti     Lamberto Andreotti Chief Executive Officer Date: July 28, 2011   By:   /s/ Charles Bancroft     Charles Bancroft Chief Financial Officer   46 Computation of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
   Growth Products · Growth Products, an indicator of the ongoing rejuvenation of our portfolio, contributed 37% of Group net sales in the fourth quarter, and were up 19% (USD). In Innovative Medicines, Growth Products contributed 48% of division net sales in the quarter, and sales for these products were up 20% (cc). · Gilenya (USD 810 million, +11% cc), a once-daily oral medicine for relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis, continued to grow double-digit. · Tasigna (USD 458 million, +9% cc) showed solid growth in the quarter, despite the entry of multiple generic versions of Gleevec in the US. · Cosentyx (USD 391 million) continued its strong launch trajectory in the fourth quarter. Across its three approved indications, Cosentyx has been used to treat more than 60,000 patients in a post-marketing setting to date. · Tafinlar + Mekinist (USD 178 million, +24% cc) continued to show strong growth, particularly in Europe, as the first approved combination therapy for patients with BRAF V600 mutation-positive unresectable or metastatic melanoma. · Promacta/Revolade (USD 178 million, +35% cc) grew at a strong double-digit rate, driven by continued worldwide uptake as well as growth of the thrombopoietin class for chronic immune (idiopathic) thrombocytopenic purpura.
 Pharmacokinetics and whole body clearance curve fitting were done using SAAM II version 1.2 (SAAM Institute, University of Washington, Seattle, WA). Kaplan-Meier survival analyses were done using SigmaPlot 9.0 and SigmaStat 3.10 (Systat Software, Inc., Point Richmond, CA). Results and Discussion In vitro studies. SW1990 cell line is derived from splenic metastases of pancreatic adenocarcinoma of ductal origin ( 47 ). Levels of PDGFR-β are low in SW1990 cells grown in vitro but the inhibition with imatinib reduces the levels of phosphorylated PDGFR-β in a dose-dependent manner, indicating that the receptor is functional ( Fig. 1A ). Cytotoxicity of imatinib in the in vitro culture is also dose dependent. The concentration needed to inhibit growth of SW1990 cells by 50% (IC 50 ) in full medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum was estimated at 23.0 ± 1.1 μmol/L. Cells grown in the absence of fetal bovine serum were more sensitive with IC 50 of 7.0 ± 2.0 μmol/L. PDGF-BB (10 ng/mL) added to the medium of serum-depleted cells restored some of the chemoresistance and increased the IC 50 value to 11.8 ± 1.6 μmol/L ( Fig. 1B ).
 With the availability of effective and well-tolerated second-line agents, identifying those CML patients who fail standard therapy has become even more important. Test results and their over- and under-interpretation are a major source of error and confusion. In this labyrinth, the ELN recommendations provide orientation for when it is critical to sit down with the patient to assess whether a change of strategy is required. In case of doubt, it is appropriate to contact an academic center for advice or refer the patient for evaluation. Imatinib has changed the face of CML. Now the challenge is to exploit its full potential in all patients. Table 1. Indications for diagnostic tests. Test Indication Physical exam Diagnosis/staging Every 3-month until resolution of splenomegaly Suspected progression or resistance Complete blood count Diagnosis/staging Every 1–2 weeks until blood counts have stabilized, then at 6 weeks intervals Suspected progression or resistance Bone marrow metaphase karyotyping Diagnosis/staging 6, 12, 18 months or until complete cytogenetic response Suspected progression or resistance Quantitative PCR for BCR-ABL Every 3 months once CCyR documented FISH for BCR-ABL (peripheral blood) Uncertain diagnosis (typical clinical presentation, but metaphase cytogenetics not successful or Philadelphia-chromosome negative) Every 3 months if no access to high quality quantitative PCR monitoring Qualitative (low sensitivity) PCR for BCR-ABL Uncertain diagnosis (typical clinical presentation, but metaphase cytogenetics not successful or Philadelphia-chromosome negative) BCR-ABL kinase mutation screen Suspected progression or resistance Test Indication Physical exam Diagnosis/staging Every 3-month until resolution of splenomegaly Suspected progression or resistance Complete blood count Diagnosis/staging Every 1–2 weeks until blood counts have stabilized, then at 6 weeks intervals Suspected progression or resistance Bone marrow metaphase karyotyping Diagnosis/staging 6, 12, 18 months or until complete cytogenetic response Suspected progression or resistance Quantitative PCR for BCR-ABL Every 3 months once CCyR documented FISH for BCR-ABL (peripheral blood) Uncertain diagnosis (typical clinical presentation, but metaphase cytogenetics not successful or Philadelphia-chromosome negative) Every 3 months if no access to high quality quantitative PCR monitoring Qualitative (low sensitivity) PCR for BCR-ABL Uncertain diagnosis (typical clinical presentation, but metaphase cytogenetics not successful or Philadelphia-chromosome negative) BCR-ABL kinase mutation screen Suspected progression or resistance Disclosures Conflict-of-interest disclosure: The author receives research funding from Calistoga and SGX, and serves as a consultant for Novartis and BMS. Off-label drug use: None disclosed. Acknowledgments Supported in part by NIH-NHLBI grant HL082978-01 and The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
 Remission induction Table 1 shows the outcomes of numerous studies in de-novo Ph + ALL in which a TKI has been added to conventional induction therapy, given in conjunction with steroid alone, or given with less intensive chemotherapy. CR rates are, notably, always > 90%. Based on these data, there is now no rationale for omitting a TKI from the initial induction treatment. Table 1. Studies of TKI in de novo Ph + ALL JALSG indicates Japanese Adult Leukaemia Study Group; NILG, Northern Italian Leukaemia Group; COG, Children's Oncology Group; NCRI/ECOG, UK National Cancer Research Institute/Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group; Im, imatinib; and Das, dasatinib. Instead, it is now logical to ask whether there is a rationale for reducing or omitting cytotoxic agents from initial induction treatment altogether. Several studies have reported, at least in abstract form, the initial outcome of giving TKIs without with only minimal chemotherapy. 3–5 Taking a closer look at the CR rates reported, most studies show that the major reason that a 100% CR rate is not reported are deaths during induction. However, where chemotherapy is minimized or excluded, studies have reported 100% CR.
 In the event of achieving major or complete cytogenetic remissions to α ‐interferon, transplantation would frequently be deferred until signs of disease progression were evident; in the event of failure to respond to α ‐interferon, patients could undergo allografts if deemed eligible without a significant impact on transplant outcomes ( Giralt et al , 1993 ; Lee et al , 2001 ). Despite the body of evidence supporting the curative potential of allogeneic HCT in CML, current results with imatinib make it difficult not to recommend a therapeutic trial of imatinib for all newly diagnosed patients. Haematological and cytogenetic response to imatinib may identify those patients in whom an early allograft would be considered appropriate (i.e. those who fail to achieve cytogenetic response within 6–12 months of imatinib therapy from those in whom continued therapy is more appropriate) ( Kantarjian et al , 2003a ; O'Dwyer et al , 2004 ). Although it is widely acknowledged that the advent of imatinib has had a significant impact on the use of allogeneic HCT for CML, data on the number of HCTs now performed and differences in patients now selected for HCT are lacking. A recent report regarding allografting for CML in Europe ( Gratwohl et al , 2006 ), documented a decrease in the numbers of allografts being performed for CML, from 1396 in 1999 to 820 in 2004, but could not account for all the effects of imatinib on the use of allografting in Europe, as this drug was only approved in 2002, and was not available in many Eastern European countries. This report described an analysis of the number and characteristics of patients receiving HCT for CML in North America prior to and after the introduction of imatinib as treatment for CML. Methods Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research The Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research (CIBMTR) is a voluntary working group of more than 450 transplant centres worldwide that contribute detailed data on consecutive allogeneic HCTs to a Statistical Center at the Health Policy Institute of the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee or the National Marrow Donor Program Coordinating Center in Minneapolis. Approximately two‐thirds of all active transplantation centres worldwide report data to the registry.
 The oral administration and favorable toxicity profile of tipifarnib, combined with its activity in a variety of intracellular pathways that have been implicated in the pathogenesis of hematologic malignancies, make it an especially attractive agent for use in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML), myelodysplastic syndromes, chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), and multiple myeloma. Because hematologic malignancies are likely driven by multiple genetic aberrations, the most effective treatment strategy will likely combine multiple agents with complementary mechanisms of action. Thus, additional studies of combination regimens that incorporate tipifarnib with other antineoplastic agents are crucial. Early results from studies combining tipifarnib with imatinib or etoposide in CML and AML have been promising and warrant further evaluation in larger clinical trials.
 The main difference seen between these cell lines is in their response to treatment with chemotherapeutic drugs. We find that resistance to treatment with VP16 correlates with the expression of OPN in cells, that is, high levels of death are seen in 32D and C2 cells that lack OPN, and significantly reduced death is seen in C4 and C5 cells ( Fig. 11 ). It is also shown that treatment of C4 cells with the STI571, FTS, UO126, or PKCζ pseudosubstrate inhibitor results in increased levels of death in response to VP16 treatment. All of these treatments also lead to the reduction of OPN expression in C4 cells. DISCUSSION OPN expression has been shown previously to correlate with solid tumor progression and metastasis in breast cancer [ 48 ], prostate cancer [ 49 ], and lung cancer [ 50 ] among others. Increased levels of OPN have also been demonstrated by Saeki et al. [ 51 ] in myeloma cells and in plasma from patients with multiple myeloma.
 In the same way, homeostasis for cancer cells, y 0 , is governed by a positive decreasing function Ψ , which depends on ( x 0 + α y 0 ), where α ∈(0,1] measures the fall in the homeostatic efficiency due to the disease (see [ 10 ] and [ 16 ] for an analysis of this fall), Ψ ( x 0 + α y 0 ) = 1 − x 0 + α y 0 K . 2 This model incorporates the existence of nonlinear effects of imatinib treatment over a fixed period of time. Drug treatment is described by a positive time-dependent sequence u ( t ), t =0,1,…, T , which captures the drug dose, and given that there is a dosage limitation due to the drug’s toxicity, u ( t ) is supposed to be bounded in [0, u max ], for t =0,1,…, T . The effects of imatinib treatment are introduced through nonlinear functions, which affect the lifetime of cancer cells, and imply their maximum effect only for an intolerable dosage. In [ 15 ], different scenarios were studied depending on the distinct effects of imatinib on the dynamics. That work concluded that the disease completely remits only when imatinib causes an additional mortality of cancer HSC. In addition, since imatinib is a targeted drug (see [ 37 ]), this is the case with highest plausibility from the biomedical point of view, so we limit our study to this situation. Drug effects are represented by the function h ( u ), which is a nonlinear increasing function satisfying h (0)=0 (this means that cancer HSC declines at baseline rate g 0 without treatment). Clinical evidence also shows that patients rarely develop resistance to imatinib. Indeed, as the eight-year International Randomized Study of Interferon and STI571 (IRIS) trial concluded (see [ 38 ]), resistence to imatinib only appears for 6.75% of patients, and therefore we can assume that the function h only depends on the drug dose u and not on the elapsed treatment time. The behavior under treatment of CML is therefore described by the following system of difference equations: x 0 ( t + 1 ) = x 0 ( t ) + n Φ x 0 ( t ) + y 0 ( t ) x 0 ( t ) − d 0 x 0 ( t ) , 3 x 1 ( t + 1 ) = x 1 ( t ) + rx 0 ( t ) − dx 1 ( t ) + d 2 x 1 ( t ) , 4 y 0 ( t + 1 ) = y 0 ( t ) + m Ψ x 0 ( t ) + α y 0 ( t ) y 0 ( t ) − g 0 y 0 ( t ) − h ( u ( t ) ) y 0 ( t ) , 5 y 1 ( t + 1 ) = y 1 ( t ) + qy 0 ( t ) − gy 1 ( t ) + g 2 y 1 ( t ) , 6 for t =0,1,…, T . The system must be completed with the initial values for normal and cancer HSC and DC x 0 (0), x 1 (0), y 0 (0), y 1 (0).
 Prognosis according to the WHO classification is based on the histological classification at the first presentation without histological follow-up, although there seems to be some evidence that histological progression occurs in thymoma, the effect on prognosis remains unknown. 7 Primary therapy involves surgery, even if resection is incomplete. The 5 year survival of a type B3 thymoma in the Netherlands is 53,1% (32, 8–69, 8). 8 This might increase in the next few years since new therapies are being developed. For example in type B3 and C thymoma imatinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor,demonstrated some effect in two out of seven patients, with the suggestion to select on expression of c-KIT in these thymoma. 9 Recurrences of thymoma occur locally. Lymphogenous and haematogenous metastases are uncommon. 3 A transdiaphragmatic retroperitoneal metastasis has been described only a few times before. 10 11 Multiple potential mechanisms for transdiaphragmatic spread of thymoma exist. Since a very subtle connection with the right pleural cavity was found we suspect direct muscle invasion of diaphragm and spread in the retroperitoneal space as the main cause of this recurrent thymoma.
 We analyzed the probability of achieving a CCyR, major molecular response, and progression in 258 patients with chronic myeloid leukemia in early chronic phase at 3, 6, and 12 months from imatinib start. The initial imatinib dose was 800 mg/day in 208 (81%) and 400 mg/day in 50 (19%) patients. For patients not in CCyR, the probability of achieving CCyR ( P = .002) or major molecular response ( P = .004) significantly decreased, whereas the risk of progression increased ( P = .16) at each time point. Patients with a BCR-ABL1 / ABL1 ratio greater than 1% to 10% after 3 months of imatinib had a 92% probability of achieving CCyR with continued therapy, similar to the 98% for those with 1% or less, but their risk of progression (11%) was almost 3-fold that of patients with a BCR-ABL1 / ABL1 transcript ratio of 1% or less (4%) and similar to that of patients with transcript levels more than 10% (13%). These results suggest that patients not in CCyR after 12 months on imatinib have a higher risk of progression. This risk is discernible as early as 3 months into imatinib therapy by molecular analysis and may provide the rationale to institute therapies that render higher rates of early response. \n Introduction Chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) is a clonal hematopoietic disorder driven by the constitutively activated BCR-ABL1 tyrosine kinase oncoprotein. 1 Frontline therapy with the tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) imatinib mesylate resulted in overall cumulative complete hematologic (CHR) and complete cytogenetic (CCyR) response rates of 98% and 82%, respectively, in patients with CML in chronic phase (CP). 2 The use of high-dose imatinib (ie, 800 mg daily) has been associated with a CCyR rate of 89% in patients in CP after failure of interferon-α therapy 3 and in more than 90% in those with newly diagnosed CML CP. 4 The achievement of cytogenetic and molecular responses during imatinib therapy translates into improved event-free survival (EFS) and protection against progression to advanced phases of the disease. 2 These excellent results have consolidated imatinib as standard therapy for patients with CML. After 12 months of imatinib therapy, 69% of patients with CML in early CP are projected to achieve a CCyR. 5 This response rate improves to 82% after 5 years of continuous therapy. 2 However, it remains controversial whether achieving a CCyR early during the course of imatinib therapy confers a prognostic advantage over a CCyR attained at later time points. Initial reports showed that early responses predicted for an improved long-term outcome. 5 , 6 However, recent analyses suggest that the risk of disease progression among patients who achieve a CCyR during the first 12 months of imatinib therapy is similar to that of patients who achieve this response at later time points. 2 , 7 Although some patients may indeed improve their response with continuation of imatinib therapy, a patient not in CCyR at any time faces the dual competing possibilities of either achieving the intended CCyR or eventually progressing. Moreover, the depth of molecular responses obtained during imatinib therapy has important prognostic implications. Among patients in CCyR after 12 months of imatinib therapy, those with a BCR-ABL1 / ABL1 ratio reduction of at least 3-log (ie, major molecular response [MMR]) have been reported to have significantly improved progression-free survival (PFS) compared with those with less than a 3-log reduction in BCR-ABL1 mRNA transcripts. 8 By contrast, patients who fail to achieve an MMR during imatinib therapy have an increased risk of losing their cytogenetic response 6 and developing resistance to imatinib and other TKIs. 9 Because the attainment of molecular responses with imatinib is associated with improved long-term outcomes in CML, it is conceivable that measuring the magnitude of reduction in BCR-ABL1 mRNA transcripts may predict, early in the course of therapy, the probability of eventually achieving a CCyR or progressing. In the present study, we investigated the probabilities of improving the cytogenetic response and of eventually progressing for patients not in CCyR at different time points. Our data indicate that failure to attain a CCyR within the first 12 months of imatinib therapy is linked to a higher risk of disease progression. This subset of patients at risk for progression may be identified early in the course of imatinib therapy based on their molecular response. Methods Patients and eligibility criteria Patients 15 years of age or older with Philadelphia chromosome (Ph)–positive or BCR-ABL1 –positive CML who received frontline therapy with imatinib in clinical trials at M. D. Anderson Cancer Center were eligible for this analysis. Patients were required to have CML in early CP (ie, time from diagnosis to treatment < 12 months). Patients with accelerated phase (AP) or blastic phase (BP) CML were excluded. Patients with cytogenetic clonal evolution were eligible if there were no other criteria of CML AP. Other eligibility criteria included (1) performance status 0 to 2 by the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group scale, (2) serum creatinine and total bilirubin level lower than 1.5 times the upper limit of normal, and (3) signed informed consent.
 Tumor size, however, was the only independent risk factor for prognosis of esophageal GISTs. Rutkowski et al 74 reported that primary tumor location was an independent prognostic factor for the prognosis of GISTs. The prognostic features of esophageal GISTs, however, still remain unknown. Considering the significantly different distribution of tumor size and NIH risk category between esophageal and gastric GISTs, patients in the 2 groups were matched by tumor size, mitotic index, and adjuvant imatinib therapy to compare the prognosis between esophageal and gastric GISTs. The survival analysis showed that the DFS and DSS of esophageal GISTs were significantly lower than that of gastric GISTs. There are some limitations of the current study. First, it is retrospective analysis and lacks systematic prospective data. Therefore, completeness of the data is limited. Second, the sample size of esophageal GISTs was not large enough, which will result in sampling error.
 We therefore compared the expression profiles of BCR-ABL-induced BaF3-LTBA cells with and without IL-3 treatment (192 genes were differentially expressed; Supplementary Fig. 1c ), as well as imatinib-treated BAF3-BA cells with and without IL-3 (308 genes were differentially expressed; Supplementary Fig. 1d ). Next, we evaluated erythropoietin-modulated gene expression in imatinib-treated K562 cells (1,338 genes were differentially expressed; Supplementary Fig. 1e ). Finally, we analyzed existing gene expression profiles from primary CML patient bone-marrow (BM) BCR-ABL + CD34 + cells collected before and after one week of imatinib treatment 23 and identified genes that are differentially expressed in the surviving marrow cells (85 genes were differentially expressed; Supplementary Fig. 1f ). When these four data sets were compared, only three differentially expressed genes were common to all comparisons: c-Fos , Dusp1 and Zfp36 ( Fig. 1f , and Supplementary Fig. 1g ).
 Isolated Lin_ celsl were labeled with anti-Kit and anti-Sca1 antibodies to isolate LSK (Lin − Sca1 + Kit + ) cells by FACS. 3,000–5,000 BCR-ABL-LSK cells with 0.3 million helper bone marrow cells from wild-type BoyJ mice were injected via tail vein in to lethally irradiated BoyJ mice. Four weeks post-transplantation, recipient mice were analyzed for CD45.1- and CD45.2-positive cells by FACS analysis to determine leukemic engraftment and chimerism. Mice were grouped into four groups (n=6 per group). Mice were treated with Imatinib (75 mg/kg twice daily) alone and in combination with DC+BCI (both drugs were given at a dose of 10 mg/kg twice daily). Likewise other groups were treated with combinations of Imatinib(75 mg/kg)+curcumin(150 mg/kg) +BCI(10 mg/kg), and Imatinib(75 mg/kg)+NDGA(100 mg/kg) +BCI (10 mg/kg), for 3 months twice a day by i.p. injection. The mice were analyzed for leukemic chimerism by determining the percentage of CD45.2-positive cells once a month for 6 months. RNAseq analyses of Kit + cells from wild type and c-Fos and Dusp1 knockout mice Kit + cells from the BM of WT and ROSACre ERT2 c-Fos fl/fl /Dusp1 − / − mice were isolated using the CD117 MicroBead Kit (Miltenyi biotec) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. These cells were incubated overnight in IMDM media supplemented with 10% FBS and a cytokine cocktail of FLT3 (50ng/ml), IL-6(10ng/ml), IL-3(10ng/ml),, and mSCF(50ng/ml).
 Despite the MR4 stage of the patient, bostinib therapy was switched to 30 mg/day ponatinib, which is currently ongoing. 2. Discussion Treatment with TKIs has dramatically improved the prognosis of patients with CML, reducing progression to advanced-phase CML or BC to 1%–1.5% per year compared with more than 20% per year in the pre-imatinib era [1] , [2] . Isolated CNS BC is particularly rare, although some cases have been reported even following TKI therapy. Although the ability of imatinib to penetrate the CNS is poor [3] , dasatinib has been shown to better penetrate the blood-brain barrier (BBB) than imatinib in a mouse model of acute lymphoid leukemia (ALL) [4] . Various symptoms of CNS BC have been described, including headache and vomiting, which are typical symptoms of brain tumor. However, an initial symptom of visual disturbance is rare, and we have identified only one previous report of a patient with CNS BC experiencing bilateral visual loss [5] . Our patient complained of myodesopsia at diagnosis, and in retrospect, CML cells might have been present in the CNS at this early stage, although we did not examine the CFS at diagnosis and MRI of the head revealed no abnormality.
 Risk category Tumor size (cm) Mitotic index (per 50HPF * ) Primary tumor site Very low risk ≤ 2.0 ≤ 5 Any Low risk 2.1 – 5.0 ≤ 5 Any Intermediate risk ≤ 5.0 6–10 Gastric 5.1 – 10.0 ≤ 5 Gastric High risk Any Any Tumor rupture > 10.0 Any Any Any > 10 Any > 5.0 > 5 Any ≤ 5.0 > 5 Non-gastric 5.1 – 10.0 ≤ 5 Non-gastric Open in a separate window * HPF, high-power field Imatinib mesylate, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, has been found to be beneficial after radical resective surgery of high-risk GISTs [39,40] . More recently, adjuvant therapy with imitinab has been used with wider indications, such as intermediate-risk tumours with size > 3 cm and primary tumours with rupture or perforation. [41,42] . Of the 21 surviving patients reported in Table 1 , 13 were treated with imatinib, including our case. In the other eight cases, there is no mention of imatinib therapy. Follow-up data are reported for 12 patients, of which 10 were on imatinib adjuvant therapy. All but one were alive without recurrence, with a follow-up ranging from six to 48 months. The only exception was the case reported by Yamamoto and Coll. This patient had multiple hepatic metastases at the time of surgery and later developed peritoneal dissemination. At that time (2001) imatinib was still an investigational chemiotherapic agent and the patient was treated with this experimental therapy with dramatic clinical improvement [9] . 4. Conclusions Emergency presentation with a GIST is not uncommon and one of its manifestations is acute abdomen secondary to intraperitoneal rupture or perforation of a primary GIST of the small intestine. Emergency surgery is mandatory and should achieve radical resection. Primary anastomosis has been reported to be safe. Since there is an increased risk of recurrence after spontaneous intraperitoneal rupture/perforation of GISTs, patients should be evaluated by a multidisciplinary team in order to assess the indications for imatinib adjuvant therapy and for close monitoring and follow-up. Competing interests The authors declare that they have no competing interests. Authors’ information MA is associate professor of the Department of Clinical, Surgical, Diagnostic and Paediatric Sciences, University of Pavia, and director of the Department of General Surgery, Varzi Hospital; MG, PS, EM and DZ are staff assistants of the Department of General Surgery, Varzi Hospital; SR is staff assistant of the Radiology Service, Voghera Hospital; VP is staff assistant of the Department of Oncology, IRCCS San Matteo Hospital Foundation, Pavia; LC is staff assistant of the Unit of General Surgery 1, IRCCS San Matteo Hospital Foundation, Pavia and assistant professor of the Department of Clinical, Surgical, Diagnostic and Paediatric Sciences, University of Pavia. Authors’ contribution MA and LC developed the concept and designed the paper.
 18 Our results shown in Figure 1 together with other studies 10,11 demonstrated that staining of lysosomes or endosomes by Cyto-ID is minimal and negligible. We therefore first compared the background levels of these 2 dyes in nonautophagic K562 cells. The MDC fluorescence level was nearly 20-fold higher than that of Cyto-ID ( Fig. 6A ), as expected. We then asked whether the Cyto-ID-based spectrophotometric assay is more sensitive than the MDC-based assay. The Cyto-ID assay detected an approximately 5-fold increase of Cyto-ID fluorescence when K562 cells were treated with imatinib, whereas the same treatment increased the intensity of MDC fluorescence by only 2.3-fold ( Fig. 6B ). Furthermore, the MDC assay failed to detect the accumulation of autophagosomes in K562 cells treated with chloroquine ( Fig. 6C ). Collectively, these results indicate that Cyto-ID is a more specific and highly sensitive autophagy fluorescence marker. Open in a separate window Figure 6. The Cyto-ID was more sensitive than MDC in quantifying autophagic compartments. ( A ) Background levels of the Cyto-ID or MDC fluorescence in nonautophagic K562 cells. ( B ) Imatinib-induced autophagy. K562 cells were treated with 1 μM imatinib for 16 h and autophagy was assayed by the Cyto-ID- or MDC-based spectrophotometric assay. ( c ) Chloroquine-blocked autophagy flux in K562 cells. The most widely used approaches in autophagy research are those using LC3B as an autophagy marker due to its specificity in labeling autophagosomes. Nonetheless, its sensitivity varies depending upon cell type, cellular context, or treatments that induce autophagy. 6,7 Hence, to compare Cyto-ID with LC3B, we treated HEK293 or OVCAR8 cells with PP242 at various time points and measured autophagic compartments using either the Cyto-ID assay or LC3B immunoblotting.
 Two out of 3 PP242 or chloroquine-treated mice showed a significant increase of Cyto-ID fluorescence 4 h after drug administration. In contrast, no induction was observed in the untreated mice ( Fig. 10A ). However, we noticed different drug responses among mice and at various time points in the same mouse, further demonstrating the necessity to monitor autophagy therapies in the clinic. To mimic clinical application, we generated leukemic mice and then treated them with either imatinib or chloroquine. In mice bearing BCR-ABL-driven leukemia, we found that both imatinib and chloroquine significantly increased the level of Cyto-ID fluorescence in mouse primary bone marrow cells ( Fig. 10B ). Taken together, our results demonstrate that the Cyto-ID assay can be extremely valuable as a diagnostic tool to monitor dose responses of autophagy-related therapies in the clinic. Open in a separate window Figure 10. Detection of autophagy in mice. ( A ) PP242 or chloroquine-mediated autophagy in mouse primary peripheral blood cells. Mice were treated with PP242 (60 mg/kg/d, IP) or chloroquine (50 mg/kg/d, IP). ( B ) Imatinib or chloroquine-affected autophagy in primary bone marrow cells isolated from the mice with BCR-ABL-driven leukemia. Leukemic mice were treated with either imatinib (100 mg/kg/d) or chloroquine (50 mg/kg/every other day) by gavage. There are 3 or 4 mice per treatment group and error bars depict means ± s.d.; * P < 0.05. Discussion The caveats in current autophagy-detecting approaches (reviewed in refs. 6 and 7) make it difficult to quantitatively monitor autophagy or autophagy flux. Here we described a Cyto-ID-based fluorescence spectrophotometric assay that measures changes in the size of autophagic compartments rapidly and accurately.
 TKI Imatinib Nilotinib Dasatinib Study GIMEMA [ Soverini et al. 2006 ] ENESTnd [ Hochhaus et al. 2013 ] DASISION [ Kantarjian et al. 2012b ] ENESTnd [ Hochhaus et al. 2013 ] DASISION [ Kantarjian et al. 2012b ] Patients tested * , n CP: 198 CP: 237 CP: 49 CP: 443 ¶ 44 AP: 21 BP/ALL: 78 Total: 297 Patients with mutations $ , n (%) CP: 54 (27) § 21 (9) 10 (20) 22 (5) 10 (23) AP: 11 (52) BP/ALL: 62 (79) Total: 127 (43) Total mutations ‡ , n 135 24 11 27 11 M244V 13 4 1 0 – P-loop L248V 2 – – – – G250E 13 2 1 1 – Q252R/H 5 0 – 1 – Y253F/H 17 2 – 8 – E255K/V 21 0 1 5 – D276G 2 2 1 0 – P296H 1 – – – – ABR V299L – – – 1 F311L/I 2 – – – – ABR T315I 15 3 – 5 7 F317L/I 2 – – – 3 M351T/V 14 2 – 0 – E355G/D 6 1 2 0 – SBR F359V/I/C 14 4 2 6 – L387F/M 2 – 1 – – A-loop H396R/ p 4 1 1 0 – S417Y 1 – – – – E450G 1 1 0 – E459K 2 – 1 – F486S 1 – – – – Open in a separate window * Patients who had post-baseline BCR-ABL1 kinase domain mutational analysis done. $ Of the patients who had mutational analysis done. ‡ Total number of mutations detected may exceed the total number of patients with mutations because some patients may have more than one mutation. § 54 of 198 (27%) patients with CP had mutations: 6 of 44 (14%) treated with imatinib frontline and 48 of 154 (31%) treated with imatinib after interferon α failure. ¶ Of 443 patients who had mutational analysis done, 228 patients had received nilotinib 300 mg twice daily, and 215 patients had received nilotinib 400 mg twice daily. –, not detected or not reported; ABR, adenosine triphosphate binding region; ALL, Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia; AP, accelerated phase; BP, blast phase; CP, chronic phase; DASISION, Dasatinib Versus Imatinib Study In Treatment-Naive CML Patients; ENESTnd, Evaluating Nilotinib Efficacy and Safety in Clinical Trials–newly diagnosed patients; SBR, substrate-binding region; GIMEMA, Gruppo Italiano Malattie Ematologiche dell’ Adulto (Italian Group for Haematological Diseases in Adults). With respect to the first-line treatment with imatinib, nilotinib, or dasatinib, mutations detected in patients in some instances are consistent with in vitro TKI sensitivity data, such as mutations in the P-loop and substrate-binding region in patients treated with imatinib or nilotinib, or mutations in the ATP-binding region in patients treated with dasatinib [ O’Hare et al. 2007 ; Redaelli et al. 2009 ; Lombardo et al. 2004 ]. In other instances, however, in vivo mutations are not consistent with in vitro mutations. For example, mutations affecting F317 are infrequently detected in patients treated with imatinib or nilotinib, and mutations affecting the P-loop, substrate-binding region, and A-loop are infrequently detected in patients treated with dasatinib. Such inconsistency underscores an important point about the limits of correlating in vitro experimental results with what might occur in patients on therapy: the type of BCR-ABL1 mutation that might arise in patients treated with TKI therapy is not always predictable. Although mutations in the BCR-ABL1 kinase domain A-loop, P-loop, ATP-binding site, and substrate-binding pocket account for the majority of mutations detected in patients on TKI therapy, scores of other, distinct BCR-ABL1 mutations have also been detected [ Soverini et al. 2011b ].
 A phase I study of 51 patients with advanced solid tumors showed that bosutinib was generally well tolerated, with predominantly gastrointestinal AEs in 19%–69% of patients in three reports. The MTD was determined to be 400 mg daily. Study of a restricted cohort of pancreatic cancer, NSCLC, and colorectal cancer patients is ongoing [ 86 ]. Phase I/II studies in CML and Ph + ALL patients who failed imatinib showed similar AEs as well as some mild dermatologic symptoms and variable hematologic toxicity [ 87 , 88 ] ( Table 1 ). Although the body of clinical data supporting bosutinib has also been primarily applied to hematological malignancies, there are phase II trials in progress to study its efficacy in solid malignancies as well. Two phase II trials are examining HR + breast cancer patients treated with an aromatase inhibitor with or without the addition of bosutinib to determine if there is added clinical benefit.
 结果 共纳入804例CML患者，发生1 ?? 结论 ?? Objective To explore BCR-ABL kinase domain mutation profiles and clinical variables associated with them in tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)-resistant patients with chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). Methods Imatinib-, nilotinib-, and/or dasatinib-resistant patients with CML who screened BCR-ABL mutation (s) in Peking University People's Hospital between June 2001 and September 2019 were retrospectively reviewed. BCR-ABL mutation was analyzed by Sanger sequencing. Binary logistic regression model was built to identify independent clinical variables associated with developing BCR-ABL mutation (s). Results Data of 1 093 TKI-resistant cases in 804 patients who experienced resistance to imatinib ( n =576, 52.7%), nilotinib ( n =238, 21.8%), and dasatinib ( n =279, 25.5%) were analyzed. In total, 291 (50.5%) imatinib-, 152 (63.9%) nilotinib-, and 160 (57.3%) dasatinib-resistant cases developed BCR-ABL mutation (s). T315I mutation was the most frequent mutation detected in imatinib-, nilotinib-, and dasatinib-resistant cases, accounting for 12.3%, 27.3%, and 34.1%, respectively. Y253F/H (7.5%) and F359V/C/I (5.6%) were the mutation detected in≥5% imatinib-resistant cases; F359V/C/I (12.2%), Y253F/H (11.8%), and E255K/V (10.5%) in nilotinib-resistant cases; and F317L/V/I/C (11.5%) and E255K/V (5.4%) in dasatinib-resistant cases. In multivariate analyses, no TKI dose reduction or discontinuation of TKI therapy was the common variable associated with developing BCR-ABL mutation (s). Other variables associated with developing BCR-ABL mutation (s) in imatinib-, nilotinib-, or dasatinib-resistant cases included male gender, younger age, no comorbidity, advanced phase before starting current TKI therapy, longer interval from diagnosis to starting current TKI therapy, acquired resistance, and TKI resistance due to progression to advanced phase or hematologic failure. In addition, interval from TKI failure to BCR-ABL mutation detection, starting initial TKI therapy to TKI failure, and starting current TKI therapy to TKI failure were associated with the frequency of developing BCR-ABL mutation. Dasatinib and nilotinib use and acquired resistance were identified to be associated with the development of T315I mutation in multivariate analyses.
 9a and 9b show the effect of Paclitaxel in multicellular tumor spheroids of MCF-7 and BT474. Fig. 10a and 10b show the effect of Docetaxel in multicellular tumor spheroids of MCF-7 and BT474. Fig. 11a and 11b show the effect of Doxorubicin in multicellular tumor spheroids of MCF-7 and BT474. Fig. 12a and 12b show the effect of Tamoxifen in multicellular tumor spheroids of MCF-7 and BT474. Fig. 13a and 13b show the effect of Imatinib in multicellular tumor spheroids of MCF-7 and BT474. Fig. 14 illustrates a method of using MTS model to observe effects of chemotherapy treatment on cellular growth by FDG PET. Fig. 15 is a reference object used for absolute calibration of area. The units on the axis are number of pixels. Fig. 16 shows images of MCF-7 cell aggregates.

 Using our polyclonal antibody specific for SCF administered into the airways of mice during the final allergen challenges, we find a significant effect on the chronic peribronchial allergen-induced fibrotic remodeling. This was characterized by reduced inflammation, especially eosinophils, as well as reduced hydroxyproline levels in anti-SCF compared to control antibody-treated animals. In addition, when we examined chemokines associated with the chronic disease and neutralized SCF in vivo we observed a corresponding decrease in CCL6 and CCL17. Using an inhibitor, imatinib mesylate, that blocks SCF/c-kit-associated RTK, we find similar results as with anti-SCF for attenuating AHR and fibrotic changes, suggesting that a potential clinical treatment for chronic asthma already exists related to this pathway. These results further support the potential use of SCF/c-kit inhibition for targeting chronic severe asthmatic responses. \n Download PDF Main The severity of chronic asthma is governed by the intensity of the inflammation, airway remodeling, airway obstruction, and hyper-responsiveness. 1 , 2 Peribronchial leukocyte accumulation is the hallmark of asthma, which affects a significant proportion of the worldwide population.
 In AML, leukemic DCs also promoted T-cell anergy and the generation of Treg cells that are specialized in immune suppression, through upregulation of PDL1 on leukemic DCs [ 46 ]. Taken together, functional deficiencies of BCR-ABL1 -expressing DCs may contribute to the escape from immunosurveillance observed in CML. Plasmacytoid dendritic cells pDCs have emerged as crucial effectors in innate immune responses in CML. Before treatment, CML patients have reduced numbers of circulating pDCs. Moreover, patients who were in complete cytogenetic or molecular response after imatinib treatment restored their blood pDCs both quantitatively and functionally and were comparable to healthy donors [ 47 ]. Contrary to previous studies, data from the EURO-SKI and German CML-V TIGER study recently showed that high numbers of activated CD86+ pDCs were observed in CML patients with molecular recurrence after TKI discontinuation. This was associated with T-cell exhaustion with increased PD1 expression on CD8+ CTLs and PR1-specific antileukemic CD8+ CTLs.
 GRUPPO ITALIANO MALATTIE EMATOLOGICHE DELL'ADULTO B.1.3.4 Country Italy B.3.1 and B.3.2 Status of the sponsor Non-Commercial B.4 Source(s) of Monetary or Material Support for the clinical trial: B.4.1 Name of organisation providing support B.4.2 Country B.5 Contact point designated by the sponsor for further information on the trial B.5.1 Name of organisation B.5.2 Functional name of contact point D. IMP Identification D.IMP: 1 D.1.2 and D.1.3 IMP Role Test D.2 Status of the IMP to be used in the clinical trial D.2.1 IMP to be used in the trial has a marketing authorisation Yes D.2.1.1.1 Trade name GLIVEC*24CPS 100MG D.2.1.1.2 Name of the Marketing Authorisation holder NOVARTIS FARMA SpA D.2.1.2 Country which granted the Marketing Authorisation Italy D.2.5 The IMP has been designated in this indication as an orphan drug in the Community Yes D.2.5.1 Orphan drug designation number EU/3/01/021 D.3 Description of the IMP D.3.4 Pharmaceutical form Capsule, hard D.3.4.1 Specific paediatric formulation Information not present in EudraCT D.3.7 Routes of administration for this IMP Oral use D.3.8 to D.3.10 IMP Identification Details (Active Substances) D.3.8 INN - Proposed INN imatinib D.3.10 Strength D.3.10.1 Concentration unit mg milligram(s) D.3.10.2 Concentration type equal D.3.10.3 Concentration number 100 D.3.11 The IMP contains an: D.3.11.1 Active substance of chemical origin Yes D.3.11.2 Active substance of biological/ biotechnological origin (other than Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) No The IMP is a: D.3.11.3 Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.1 Somatic cell therapy medicinal product No D.3.11.3.2 Gene therapy medical product No D.3.11.3.3 Tissue Engineered Product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.4 Combination ATIMP (i.e. one involving a medical device) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.5 Committee on Advanced therapies (CAT) has issued a classification for this product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.4 Combination product that includes a device, but does not involve an Advanced Therapy Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.5 Radiopharmaceutical medicinal product No D.3.11.6 Immunological medicinal product (such as vaccine, allergen, immune serum) No D.3.11.7 Plasma derived medicinal product No D.3.11.8 Extractive medicinal product No D.3.11.9 Recombinant medicinal product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.10 Medicinal product containing genetically modified organisms No D.3.11.11 Herbal medicinal product No D.3.11.12 Homeopathic medicinal product No D.3.11.13 Another type of medicinal product No D.IMP: 2 D.1.2 and D.1.3 IMP Role Test D.2 Status of the IMP to be used in the clinical trial D.2.1 IMP to be used in the trial has a marketing authorisation Yes D.2.1.1.1 Trade name GLIVEC*48CPS 100MG D.2.1.1.2 Name of the Marketing Authorisation holder NOVARTIS FARMA SpA D.2.1.2 Country which granted the Marketing Authorisation Italy D.2.5 The IMP has been designated in this indication as an orphan drug in the Community Yes D.2.5.1 Orphan drug designation number EU/3/01/021 D.3 Description of the IMP D.3.4 Pharmaceutical form Capsule, hard D.3.4.1 Specific paediatric formulation Information not present in EudraCT D.3.7 Routes of administration for this IMP Oral use D.3.8 to D.3.10 IMP Identification Details (Active Substances) D.3.8 INN - Proposed INN imatinib D.3.10 Strength D.3.10.1 Concentration unit mg milligram(s) D.3.10.2 Concentration type equal D.3.10.3 Concentration number 100 D.3.11 The IMP contains an: D.3.11.1 Active substance of chemical origin Yes D.3.11.2 Active substance of biological/ biotechnological origin (other than Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) No The IMP is a: D.3.11.3 Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.1 Somatic cell therapy medicinal product No D.3.11.3.2 Gene therapy medical product No D.3.11.3.3 Tissue Engineered Product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.4 Combination ATIMP (i.e. one involving a medical device) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.5 Committee on Advanced therapies (CAT) has issued a classification for this product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.4 Combination product that includes a device, but does not involve an Advanced Therapy Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.5 Radiopharmaceutical medicinal product No D.3.11.6 Immunological medicinal product (such as vaccine, allergen, immune serum) No D.3.11.7 Plasma derived medicinal product No D.3.11.8 Extractive medicinal product No D.3.11.9 Recombinant medicinal product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.10 Medicinal product containing genetically modified organisms No D.3.11.11 Herbal medicinal product No D.3.11.12 Homeopathic medicinal product No D.3.11.13 Another type of medicinal product No D.IMP: 3 D.1.2 and D.1.3 IMP Role Test D.2 Status of the IMP to be used in the clinical trial D.2.1 IMP to be used in the trial has a marketing authorisation Yes D.2.1.1.1 Trade name GLIVEC*96CPS 100MG D.2.1.1.2 Name of the Marketing Authorisation holder NOVARTIS FARMA SpA D.2.1.2 Country which granted the Marketing Authorisation Italy D.2.5 The IMP has been designated in this indication as an orphan drug in the Community Yes D.2.5.1 Orphan drug designation number EU/3/01/021 D.3 Description of the IMP D.3.4 Pharmaceutical form Capsule, hard D.3.4.1 Specific paediatric formulation Information not present in EudraCT D.3.7 Routes of administration for this IMP Oral use D.3.8 to D.3.10 IMP Identification Details (Active Substances) D.3.8 INN - Proposed INN imatinib D.3.10 Strength D.3.10.1 Concentration unit mg milligram(s) D.3.10.2 Concentration type equal D.3.10.3 Concentration number 100 D.3.11 The IMP contains an: D.3.11.1 Active substance of chemical origin Yes D.3.11.2 Active substance of biological/ biotechnological origin (other than Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) No The IMP is a: D.3.11.3 Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.1 Somatic cell therapy medicinal product No D.3.11.3.2 Gene therapy medical product No D.3.11.3.3 Tissue Engineered Product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.4 Combination ATIMP (i.e. one involving a medical device) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.5 Committee on Advanced therapies (CAT) has issued a classification for this product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.4 Combination product that includes a device, but does not involve an Advanced Therapy Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.5 Radiopharmaceutical medicinal product No D.3.11.6 Immunological medicinal product (such as vaccine, allergen, immune serum) No D.3.11.7 Plasma derived medicinal product No D.3.11.8 Extractive medicinal product No D.3.11.9 Recombinant medicinal product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.10 Medicinal product containing genetically modified organisms No D.3.11.11 Herbal medicinal product No D.3.11.12 Homeopathic medicinal product No D.3.11.13 Another type of medicinal product No D.IMP: 4 D.1.2 and D.1.3 IMP Role Test D.2 Status of the IMP to be used in the clinical trial D.2.1 IMP to be used in the trial has a marketing authorisation Yes D.2.1.1.1 Trade name GLIVEC*120CPS 100MG D.2.1.1.2 Name of the Marketing Authorisation holder NOVARTIS FARMA SpA D.2.1.2 Country which granted the Marketing Authorisation Italy D.2.5 The IMP has been designated in this indication as an orphan drug in the Community Yes D.2.5.1 Orphan drug designation number EU/3/01/021 D.3 Description of the IMP D.3.4 Pharmaceutical form Capsule, hard D.3.4.1 Specific paediatric formulation Information not present in EudraCT D.3.7 Routes of administration for this IMP Oral use D.3.8 to D.3.10 IMP Identification Details (Active Substances) D.3.8 INN - Proposed INN imatinib D.3.10 Strength D.3.10.1 Concentration unit mg milligram(s) D.3.10.2 Concentration type equal D.3.10.3 Concentration number 100 D.3.11 The IMP contains an: D.3.11.1 Active substance of chemical origin Yes D.3.11.2 Active substance of biological/ biotechnological origin (other than Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) No The IMP is a: D.3.11.3 Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.1 Somatic cell therapy medicinal product No D.3.11.3.2 Gene therapy medical product No D.3.11.3.3 Tissue Engineered Product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.4 Combination ATIMP (i.e. one involving a medical device) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.5 Committee on Advanced therapies (CAT) has issued a classification for this product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.4 Combination product that includes a device, but does not involve an Advanced Therapy Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.5 Radiopharmaceutical medicinal product No D.3.11.6 Immunological medicinal product (such as vaccine, allergen, immune serum) No D.3.11.7 Plasma derived medicinal product No D.3.11.8 Extractive medicinal product No D.3.11.9 Recombinant medicinal product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.10 Medicinal product containing genetically modified organisms No D.3.11.11 Herbal medicinal product No D.3.11.12 Homeopathic medicinal product No D.3.11.13 Another type of medicinal product No D.IMP: 5 D.1.2 and D.1.3 IMP Role Test D.2 Status of the IMP to be used in the clinical trial D.2.1 IMP to be used in the trial has a marketing authorisation Yes D.2.1.1.1 Trade name GLIVEC*180CPS 100MG D.2.1.1.2 Name of the Marketing Authorisation holder NOVARTIS FARMA SpA D.2.1.2 Country which granted the Marketing Authorisation Italy D.2.5 The IMP has been designated in this indication as an orphan drug in the Community Yes D.2.5.1 Orphan drug designation number EU/3/01/021 D.3 Description of the IMP D.3.4 Pharmaceutical form Capsule, hard D.3.4.1 Specific paediatric formulation Information not present in EudraCT D.3.7 Routes of administration for this IMP Oral use D.3.8 to D.3.10 IMP Identification Details (Active Substances) D.3.8 INN - Proposed INN imatinib D.3.10 Strength D.3.10.1 Concentration unit mg milligram(s) D.3.10.2 Concentration type equal D.3.10.3 Concentration number 100 D.3.11 The IMP contains an: D.3.11.1 Active substance of chemical origin Yes D.3.11.2 Active substance of biological/ biotechnological origin (other than Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) No The IMP is a: D.3.11.3 Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.1 Somatic cell therapy medicinal product No D.3.11.3.2 Gene therapy medical product No D.3.11.3.3 Tissue Engineered Product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.4 Combination ATIMP (i.e. one involving a medical device) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.5 Committee on Advanced therapies (CAT) has issued a classification for this product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.4 Combination product that includes a device, but does not involve an Advanced Therapy Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.5 Radiopharmaceutical medicinal product No D.3.11.6 Immunological medicinal product (such as vaccine, allergen, immune serum) No D.3.11.7 Plasma derived medicinal product No D.3.11.8 Extractive medicinal product No D.3.11.9 Recombinant medicinal product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.10 Medicinal product containing genetically modified organisms No D.3.11.11 Herbal medicinal product No D.3.11.12 Homeopathic medicinal product No D.3.11.13 Another type of medicinal product No D.IMP: 6 D.1.2 and D.1.3 IMP Role Test D.2 Status of the IMP to be used in the clinical trial D.2.1 IMP to be used in the trial has a marketing authorisation Yes D.2.1.1.1 Trade name Tasigna D.2.1.1.2 Name of the Marketing Authorisation holder Novartis Europharm Limited D.2.1.2 Country which granted the Marketing Authorisation United Kingdom D.2.5 The IMP has been designated in this indication as an orphan drug in the Community Yes D.2.5.1 Orphan drug designation number EU/3/06/375 D.3 Description of the IMP D.3.4 Pharmaceutical form Capsule, hard D.3.4.1 Specific paediatric formulation Information not present in EudraCT D.3.7 Routes of administration for this IMP Oral use D.3.8 to D.3.10 IMP Identification Details (Active Substances) D.3.8 INN - Proposed INN Nilotinib D.3.9.2 Current sponsor code AMN107-AAA.001 D.3.10 Strength D.3.10.1 Concentration unit mg milligram(s) D.3.10.2 Concentration type equal D.3.10.3 Concentration number 200 D.3.11 The IMP contains an: D.3.11.1 Active substance of chemical origin Yes D.3.11.2 Active substance of biological/ biotechnological origin (other than Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) No The IMP is a: D.3.11.3 Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.1 Somatic cell therapy medicinal product No D.3.11.3.2 Gene therapy medical product No D.3.11.3.3 Tissue Engineered Product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.4 Combination ATIMP (i.e. one involving a medical device) Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.3.5 Committee on Advanced therapies (CAT) has issued a classification for this product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.4 Combination product that includes a device, but does not involve an Advanced Therapy Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.5 Radiopharmaceutical medicinal product No D.3.11.6 Immunological medicinal product (such as vaccine, allergen, immune serum) No D.3.11.7 Plasma derived medicinal product No D.3.11.8 Extractive medicinal product No D.3.11.9 Recombinant medicinal product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.10 Medicinal product containing genetically modified organisms No D.3.11.11 Herbal medicinal product No D.3.11.12 Homeopathic medicinal product No D.3.11.13 Another type of medicinal product No D.8 Information on Placebo E. General Information on the Trial E.1 Medical condition or disease under investigation E.1.1 Medical condition(s) being investigated Philadelphia positive (Ph pos), BCR-ABL positive, Chronic Myeloid Leukemia (CML) MedDRA Classification E.1.2 Medical condition or disease under investigation E.1.2 Version 9.1 E.1.2 Level LLT E.1.2 Classification code 10009013 E.1.2 Term Chronic myeloid leukaemia E.1.3 Condition being studied is a rare disease Yes E.2 Objective of the trial E.2.1 Main objective of the trial To assess the complete cytogenetic response rate at 12 months E.2.2 Secondary objectives of the trial To assess the complete cytogenetic response rate at 6, and 24 months. To assess the major and complete molecular response rate at 6, 12, and 24 months.
 E.2.3 Trial contains a sub-study No E.3 Principal inclusion criteria Patient eligibility should be reviewed and documented by an appropriately qualified member of the investigator’s study team before patients are included in the study. Patients must meet all of the following inclusion criteria to be eligible for enrollment into the study: 1. Histological diagnosis of GIST; 2. KIT genotype (consent for testing sufficient if previous disease progression/intolerance to imatinib); 3. Patients with KIT mutant GIST must have demonstrated either disease progression or intolerance to imatinib mesylate; 4. Age 6 - <21 years; 5. Unresectable without major morbidity, metastatic or recurrent GIST; 6. Measurable (per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version 1.1) or evaluable disease; 7. Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior cancer treatment, radiotherapy or surgical procedure to NCI CTCAE v4.0 grade ≤1; 8. ECOG Performance Status 0-2 (for patients ≥11 years of age) or Lansky ≥50% (for patients <11 years); 9.
 For example, one aspect of the invention relates to the use of a compound of the invention (e.g., those of formula I) in combination with another anticancer agent, e.g., a compound that effects histone modifications, such as an HDAC inhibitor, for the treatment of cancer and/or a neurological disorder. In certain embodiments, the other anticancer agent is selected from the group consisting of chemotherapeutics (such as 2CdA, 5-FU, 6-Mercaptopurine, 6-TG, Abraxane™, Accutane®, Actinomycin-D, Adriamycin®, Alimta®, all-trans retinoic acid, amethopterin, Ara-C, Azacitadine, BCNU, Blenoxane®, Camptosar®, CeeNU®, Clofarabine, Clolar™, Cytoxan®, daunorubicin hydrochloride, DaunoXome®, Dacogen®, DIC, Doxil®, Ellence®, Eloxatin®, Emcyt®, etoposide phosphate, Fludara®, FUDR®, Gemzar®, Gleevec®, hexamethylmelamine, Hycamtin®, Hydrea®, Idamycin®, Ifex®, ixabepilone, Ixempra®, L-asparaginase, Leukeran®, liposomal Ara-C, L-PAM, Lysodren, Matulane®, mithracin, Mitomycin-C, Myleran®, Navelbine®, Neutrexin®, nilotinib, Nipent®, Nitrogen Mustard, Novantrone®, Oncaspar®, Panretin®, Paraplatin®, Platinol®, prolifeprospan 20 with carmustine implant, Sandostatin®, Targretin®, Tasigna®, Taxotere®, Temodar®, TESPA, Trisenox®, Valstar®, Velban®, Vidaza™, vincristine sulfate, VM 26, Xeloda® and Zanosar®) biologics (such as Alpha Interferon, Bacillus Calmette-Guerin, Bexxar®, Campath®, Ergamisol®, Erlotinib, Herceptin®, Interleukin-2, Iressa®, lenalidomide, Mylotarg®, Ontak®, Pegasys®, Revlimid®, Rituxan®, Tarceva™, Thalomid®, Tykerb®, Velcade® and Zevalin™) corticosteroids, (such as dexamethasone sodium phosphate, DeltaSone® and Delta-Cortef®), hormonal therapies (such as Arimidex®, Aromasin®, Casodex®, Cytadren®, Eligard®, Eulexin®, Evista®, Faslodex®, Femara®, Halotestin®, Megace®, Nilandron®, Nolvadex®, Plenaxis™ and Zoladex®) and radiopharmaceuticals (such as Iodotope®, Metastron®, Phosphocol® and Samarium SM-153). Dosage As used herein, a “therapeutically effective amount” or “therapeutically effective dose” is an amount of a compound of the invention or a combination of two or more such compounds, which inhibits, totally or partially, the progression of the condition or alleviates, at least partially, one or more symptoms of the condition.
 LPA is a “bioactive” phospholipid able to generate growth factor-like activities in a wide variety of normal and malignant cell types. LPA plays an important role in normal physiological processes such as wound healing, and in vascular tone, vascular integrity, or reproduction. Some other exemplary bioactive agents are paclitaxel, docetaxel, estradiol, 17-beta-estradiol, nitric oxide donors, super oxide dismutases, super oxide dismutases mimics, 4-amino-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine-1-oxyl (4-amino-TEMPO), biolimus, tacrolimus, dexamethasone, rapamycin, rapamycin derivatives, 40-O-(2-hydroxy)ethyl-rapamycin (everolimus), 40-O-(3-hydroxy)propyl-rapamycin, 40-O-[2-(2-hydroxy)ethoxy]ethyl-rapamycin, and 40-O-tetrazole-rapamycin, 40-epi-(N1-tetrazolyl)-rapamycin (ABT-578), γ-hiridun, clobetasol, pimecrolimus, imatinib mesylate, midostaurin, prodrugs thereof, co-drugs thereof, and combinations thereof. The polymeric matrix or coating can be formed on an implantable device such as a stent, which can be implanted in a patient to treat, prevent, mitigate, or reduce a vascular medical condition, or to provide a pro-healing effect. Examples of these conditions include atherosclerosis, thrombosis, restenosis, hemorrhage, vascular dissection or perforation, vascular aneurysm, vulnerable plaque, chronic total occlusion, claudication, anastomotic proliferation (for vein and artificial grafts), bile duct obstruction, ureter obstruction, tumor obstruction, or combinations of these. DETAILED DESCRIPTION The present invention relates to an implantable device that includes a bio-absorbable polymeric matrix disposed over the device.

 Examples of anti-cancer agents include, but are not limited to, anti-androgens (e.g., Casodex, Flutamide, MDV3100, or ARN-509), MEK (e.g. MEK1, MEK2, or MEK1 and MEK2) inhibitors (e.g. XL518, CI-1040, PD035901, selumetinib/AZD6244, GSK1120212/trametinib, GDC-0973, ARRY-162, ARRY-300, AZD8330, PD0325901, U0126, PD98059, TAK-733, PD318088, AS703026, BAY 869766), alkylating agents (e.g., cyclophosphamide, ifosfamide, chlorambucil, busulfan, melphalan, mechlorethamine, uramustine, thiotepa, nitrosoureas, nitrogen mustards (e.g., mechloroethamine, cyclophosphamide, chlorambucil, meiphalan), ethylenimine and methylmelamines (e.g., hexamethlymelamine, thiotepa), alkyl sulfonates (e.g., busulfan), nitrosoureas (e.g., carmustine, lomusitne, semustine, streptozocin), triazenes (decarbazine), anti-metabolites (e.g., 5-azathioprine, leucovorin, capecitabine, fludarabine, gemcitabine, pemetrexed, raltitrexed, folic acid analog (e.g., methotrexate), pyrimidine analogs (e.g., fluorouracil, floxouridine, Cytarabine), purine analogs (e.g., mercaptopurine, thioguanine, pentostatin), etc.), plant alkaloids (e.g., vincristine, vinblastine, vinorelbine, vindesine, podophyllotoxin, paclitaxel, docetaxel, etc.), topoisomerase inhibitors (e.g., irinotecan, topotecan, amsacrine, etoposide (VP16), etoposide phosphate, teniposide, etc.), antitumor antibiotics (e.g., doxorubicin, adriamycin, daunorubicin, epirubicin, actinomycin, bleomycin, mitomycin, mitoxantrone, plicamycin, etc.), platinum-based compounds (e.g. cisplatin, oxaloplatin, carboplatin), anthracenedione (e.g., mitoxantrone), substituted urea (e.g., hydroxyurea), methyl hydrazine derivative (e.g., procarbazine), adrenocortical suppressant (e.g., mitotane, aminoglutethimide), epipodophyllotoxins (e.g., etoposide), antibiotics (e.g., daunorubicin, doxorubicin, bleomycin), enzymes (e.g., L-asparaginase), inhibitors of mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling (e.g. U0126, PD98059, PD184352, PD0325901, ARRY-142886, SB239063, SP600125, BAY 43-9006, wortmannin, or LY294002), mTOR inhibitors, antibodies (e.g., rituxan), 5-aza-2′-deoxycytidine, doxorubicin, vincristine, etoposide, gemcitabine, imatinib (Gleevec®), geldanamycin, 17-N-Allylamino-17-Demethoxygeldanamycin (17-AAG), bortezomib, trastuzumab, anastrozole; angiogenesis inhibitors; antiandrogen, antiestrogen; antisense oligonucleotides; apoptosis gene modulators; apoptosis regulators; arginine deaminase; BCR/ABL antagonists; beta lactam derivatives; bFGF inhibitor; bicalutamide; camptothecin derivatives; casein kinase inhibitors (ICOS); clomifene analogues; cytarabine dacliximab; dexamethasone; estrogen agonists; estrogen antagonists; etanidazole; etoposide phosphate; exemestane; fadrozole; finasteride; fludarabine; fluorodaunorunicin hydrochloride; gadolinium texaphyrin; gallium nitrate; gelatinase inhibitors; gemcitabine; glutathione inhibitors; hepsulfam; immunostimulant peptides; insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor inhibitor; interferon agonists; interferons; interleukins; letrozole; leukemia inhibiting factor; leukocyte alpha interferon; leuprolide+estrogen+progesterone; leuprorelin; matrilysin inhibitors; matrix metalloproteinase inhibitors; MIF inhibitor; mifepristone; mismatched double stranded RNA; monoclonal antibody; mycobacterial cell wall extract; nitric oxide modulators; oxaliplatin; panomifene; pentrozole; phosphatase inhibitors; plasminogen activator inhibitor; platinum complex; platinum compounds; prednisone; proteasome inhibitors; protein A-based immune modulator; protein kinase C inhibitor; protein tyrosine phosphatase inhibitors; purine nucleoside phosphorylase inhibitors; ras farnesyl protein transferase inhibitors; ras inhibitors; ras-GAP inhibitor; ribozymes; signal transduction inhibitors; signal transduction modulators; single chain antigen-binding protein; stem cell inhibitor; stem-cell division inhibitors; stromelysin inhibitors; synthetic glycosaminoglycans; tamoxifen methiodide; telomerase inhibitors; thyroid stimulating hormone; translation inhibitors; tyrosine kinase inhibitors; urokinase receptor antagonists; steroids (e.g., dexamethasone), finasteride, aromatase inhibitors, gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists (GnRH) such as goserelin or leuprolide, adrenocorticosteroids (e.g., prednisone), progestins (e.g., hydroxyprogesterone caproate, megestrol acetate, medroxyprogesterone acetate), estrogens (e.g., diethlystilbestrol, ethinyl estradiol), antiestrogen (e.g., tamoxifen), androgens (e.g., testosterone propionate, fluoxymesterone), antiandrogen (e.g., flutamide), immunostimulants (e.g., Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG), levamisole, interleukin-2, alpha-interferon, etc.), monoclonal antibodies (e.g., anti-CD20, anti-HER2, anti-CD52, anti-HLA-DR, and anti-VEGF monoclonal antibodies), immunotoxins (e.g., anti-CD33 monoclonal antibody-calicheamicin conjugate, anti-CD22 monoclonal antibody- pseudomonas exotoxin conjugate, etc.), radioimmunotherapy (e.g., anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody conjugated to 111 In, 90 Y, or 131 I, etc.), triptolide, homoharringtonine, dactinomycin, doxorubicin, epirubicin, topotecan, itraconazole, vindesine, cerivastatin, vincristine, deoxyadenosine, sertraline, pitavastatin, irinotecan, clofazimine, 5-nonyloxytryptamine, vemurafenib, dabrafenib, erlotinib, gefitinib, EGFR inhibitors, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-targeted therapy or therapeutic (e.g. gefitinib (Iressa™), erlotinib (Tarceva™), cetuximab (Erbitux™), lapatinib (Tykerb™), panitumumab (Vectibix™), vandetanib (Caprelsa™), afatinib/BIBW2992, CI-1033/canertinib, neratinib/HKI-272, CP-724714, TAK-285, AST-1306, ARRY334543, ARRY-380, AG-1478, dacomitinib/PF299804, OSI-420/desmethyl erlotinib, AZD8931, AEE788, pelitinib/EKB-569, CUDC-101, WZ8040, WZ4002, WZ3146, AG-490, XL647, PD153035, BMS-599626), sorafenib, imatinib, sunitinib, dasatinib, pyrrolo benzodiazepines (e.g. tomaymycin), carboplatin, CC-1065 and CC-1065 analogs including amino-CBIs, nitrogen mustards (such as chlorambucil and melphalan), dolastatin and dolastatin analogs (including auristatins: eg. monomethyl auristatin E), anthracycline antibiotics (such as doxorubicin, daunorubicin, etc.), duocarmycins and duocarmycin analogs, enediynes (such as neocarzinostatin and calicheamicins), leptomycin derivaties, maytansinoids and maytansinoid analogs (e.g. mertansine), methotrexate, mitomycin C, taxoids, vinca alkaloids (such as vinblastine and vincristine), epothilones (e.g. epothilone B), fluvestrant, camptothecin and its clinical analogs topotecan and irinotecan, SERMS (e.g., clomifene, femarelle, ormeloxifene, raloxifene, tamoxifen, toremifene, lasofoxifene, ospemifene), aromatase inhibitors (e.g., anastrozole, letrozole, exemestane, vorozole, formestane, fadrozole, aminoglutethimide, testolactone), or the like. “Chemotherapeutic” or “chemotherapeutic agent” is used in accordance with its plain ordinary meaning and refers to a chemical composition or compound having antineoplastic properties or the ability to inhibit the growth or proliferation of cells.
 A process for preparing a compound of formula I, as defined in claim 1 , comprising a single step of stirring a mixture of artesunic acid and phenylaminopyrimidine in the presence of a coupling agent, at room temperature for 24 hours. 5 . The process of claim 4 , wherein the coupling agent is 1-hydroxybenzotriazole hydrate (EDC) and 1-ethyl-3(3-dimethylaminopropyl)carbodiimide) (HOBT). 6 . A process for preparing a compound of formula II, as defined in claim 1 , comprising a single step of reacting artesunic acid and one base selected from the group consisting of imatinib and phenylaminopyrimidine in the presence of an alcohol, under stirring, at room temperature for 24 hours. 7 . The process, according to claim 6 , wherein the alcohol is methanol. 8 . (canceled) 9 . (canceled) 10 . A pharmaceutical composition comprising a compound of claim 1 . 11 . A method of treating chronic myelogenous leukemia comprising administering the pharmaceutical composition of claim 10 . 12 .

 The method of claim 14 , wherein the disease or condition is selected from myelodysplasia; chronic myelomonocytic leukemia; Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome; breast cancer; solid tumors; ovarian cancer; head and neck cancer; astrocytoma; oligodendroglioma and glioblastoma. 16 . The method of claim 14 , comprising the additional step of co-administering to the patient in need thereof a second therapeutic agent. 17 . The method of claim 16 , wherein: a. the disease is ovarian cancer and the second therapeutic agent is selected from paclitaxel and carboplatin; b. the disease is chronic myeloid leukemia and the second therapeutic agent is imatinib; c. the disease is metastatic breast cancer and the second therapeutic agent is selected from cisplatin, gemcitabine and paclitaxel; d. the disease is cancer and the second therapeutic agent is selected from docetaxel, paclitaxel and carboplatin; or e. the disease is pancreatic cancer and the second therapeutic agent is gemcitabine. 18 . (canceled) 19 .
 (v) inhibitors of growth factor function, for example such inhibitors include growth factor antibodies and growth factor receptor antibodies (for example the anti-erbB2 antibody trastuzumab [Herceptin™], the anti-EGFR antibody panitumumab, the anti-erbB1 antibody cetuximab [Erbitux, C225] and any growth factor or growth factor receptor antibodies disclosed by Stern et al. Critical reviews in oncology/haematology, 2005, Vol. 54, pp 11-29); such inhibitors also include tyrosine kinase inhibitors, for example inhibitors of the epidermal growth factor family (for example EGFR family tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as N-(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)-7-methoxy-6-(3-morpholinopropoxy)quinazolin-4-amine (gefitinib, ZD1839), N-(3-ethynylphenyl)-6,7-bis(2-methoxyethoxy)quinazolin-4-amine (erlotinib, OSI-774) and 6-acrylamido-N-(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)-7-(3-morpholinopropoxy)-quinazolin-4-amine (CI-1033), 1033), erbB2 tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as lapatinib, inhibitors of the hepatocyte growth factor family, inhibitors of the platelet-derived growth factor family such as imatinib, inhibitors of serine/threonine kinases (for example Ras/Raf signalling inhibitors such as farnesyl transferase inhibitors, for example sorafenib (BAY 43-9006)), inhibitors of cell signalling through MEK and/or AKT kinases, inhibitors of the hepatocyte growth factor family, c-kit inhibitors, abl kinase inhibitors, IGF receptor (insulin-like growth factor) kinase inhibitors, aurora kinase inhibitors (for example AZD1152, PH739358, VX-680, MLN8054, R763, MP235, MP529, VX-528 and AX39459), cyclin dependent kinase inhibitors such as CDK2 and/or CDK4 inhibitors, and inhibitors of survival signaling proteins such as Bcl-2, Bcl-XL for example ABT-737; (vi) antiangiogenic agents such as those which inhibit the effects of vascular endothelial growth factor, [for example the anti-vascular endothelial cell growth factor antibody bevacizumab (Avastin™) and VEGF receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as 4-(4-bromo-2-fluoroanilino)-6-methoxy-7-(1-methylpiperidin-4-ylmethoxy)quinazoline (ZD6474; Example 2 within WO 01/32651), 4-(4-fluoro-2-methylindol-5-yloxy)-6-methoxy-7-(3-pyrrolidin-1-ylpropoxy)quinazoline (AZD2171; Example 240 within WO 00/47212), vatalanib (PTK787; WO 98/35985) and SU11248 (sunitinib; WO 01/60814), compounds such as those disclosed in International Patent Applications WO97/22596, WO 97/30035, WO 97/32856, WO 98/13354, WO00/47212 and WO01/32651 and compounds that work by other mechanisms (for example linomide, inhibitors of integrin αvβ3 function and angiostatin)] or colony stimulating factor 1 (CSF1) or CSF1 receptor; (vii) vascular damaging agents such as Combretastatin A4 and compounds disclosed in International Patent Applications WO 99/02166, WO 00/40529, WO 00/41669, WO 01/92224, WO 02/04434 and WO 02/08213; (viii) antisense therapies, for example those which are directed to the targets listed above, such as G-3139 (Genasense), an anti bcl2 antisense; (ix) gene therapy approaches, including for example approaches to replace aberrant genes such as aberrant p53 or aberrant BRCA1 or BRCA2, GDEPT (gene directed enzyme pro drug therapy) approaches such as those using cytosine deaminase, thymidine kinase or a bacterial nitroreductase enzyme and approaches to increase patient tolerance to chemotherapy or radiotherapy such as multi drug resistance gene therapy; and (x) immunotherapy approaches, including for example treatment with Alemtuzumab (campath-1H™), a monoclonal antibody directed at CD52, or treatment with antibodies directed at CD22, ex vivo and in vivo approaches to increase the immunogenicity of patient tumour cells, transfection with cytokines such as interleukin 2, interleukin 4 or granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor, approaches to decrease T cell anergy such as treatment with monoclonal antibodies inhibiting CTLA-4 function, approaches using transfected immune cells such as cytokine transfected dendritic cells, approaches using cytokine transfected tumour cell lines and approaches using anti idiotypic antibodies. (xi) inhibitors of protein degradation such as proteasome inhibitor such as Velcade (bortezomid).
 \n US 20090069360 A1 20090312 US 12293257 20070314 12 20060101 A A 61 K 31 506 F I 20090312 US B H 20060101 A C 07 D 401 04 L I 20090312 US B H 20060101 A A 61 P 35 00 L I 20090312 US B H US 514275 544331 US 60783175 00 20060316 Batt David Bryant Wayland MA US omitted US Beerli Rene Binningen CH omitted CH Bold Guido Gipf-Oberfrick CH omitted CH Caravatti Giorgio Bottmingen CH omitted CH Ramsey Timothy Michael Weston MA US omitted US CARSTENS & CAHOON, LLP P O BOX 802334 DALLAS TX 75380 US WO PCT/US07/06424 00 20070314 20080916 SUMMARY The present invention relates to the discovery that certain compounds inhibit, regulate and/or modulate tyrosine and serine/threonine kinase and kinase-like proteins, such as RAF kinase, a serine/threonine kinase that functions in the MAP kinase signaling pathway, and is concerned with compositions which contain these compounds, and methods of using them to treat tyrosine and serine/threonine kinase and kinase-like dependent diseases, such as angiogenesis, cancer and cardiac hypertrophy. BACKGROUND Cells communicate various aspects of their extracellular environment to the nucleus by using various signal transduction pathways. Many of these, signals are transmitted by protein kinases which activate various factors through the transfer of phosphate groups. Disruption of signal transduction by inhibiting appropriate kinase activity can have a clinical benefit as has been demonstrated by imatinib, an inhibitor of bcr-abl kinase, which is marketed as its mesylate salt under the brand GLEEVEC (in the United States) or GLIVEC. The MAP kinase signaling pathway is known in the art as one of the pathways for growth factors to send their signal to proliferate from the extracellular environment to the cell nucleus. The growth factors activate transmembrane receptors located on the cell surface which in turn start a cascade whereby RAS is activated and recruits RAF kinase to the membrane where it is activated and in turn activates MEK kinase which then activates ERK kinase. Activated ERK kinase can move to the nucleus where it activates various gene transcription factors.
 Non-limiting examples of DNA damaging chemotherapeutic agents include topoisomerase I inhibitors (e.g., irinotecan, topotecan, camptothecin and analogs or metabolites thereof, and doxorubicin); topoisomerase II inhibitors (e.g., etoposide, teniposide, and daunorubicin); alkylating agents (e.g., melphalan, chlorambucil, busulfan, thiotepa, ifosfamide, carmustine, lomustine, semustine, streptozocin, decarbazine, methotrexate, mitomycin C, and cyclophosphamide); DNA intercalators (e.g., cisplatin, oxaliplatin, and carboplatin); DNA intercalators and free radical generators such as bleomycin; and nucleoside mimetics (e.g., 5-fluorouracil, capecitibine, gemcitabine, fludarabine, cytarabine, mercaptopurine, thioguanine, pentostatin, and hydroxyurea). Chemotherapeutic agents that disrupt cell replication include: paclitaxel, docetaxel, and related analogs; vincristine, vinblastin, and related analogs; thalidomide, lenalidomide, and related analogs (e.g., CC-5013 and CC-4047); protein tyrosine kinase inhibitors (e.g., imatinib mesylate and gefitinib); proteasome inhibitors (e.g., bortezomib); NF-κB inhibitors, including inhibitors of IκB kinase; antibodies which bind to proteins overexpressed in cancers and thereby downregulate cell replication (e.g., trastuzumab, rituximab, cetuximab, and bevacizumab); and other inhibitors of proteins or enzymes known to be upregulated, over-expressed or activated in cancers, the inhibition of which downregulates cell replication. In order that this invention be more fully understood, the following preparative and testing examples are set forth.
 For example, co-treatment of K562 cells with the proteasome inhibitor epoxomicin and Compound 10 restored the levels of BCR-ABL1 and c-ABL1 compared to Compound 10 alone, whilst modulation of lysosomal pH with chloroquine had no effect. Additionally, inhibition of neddylation using MLN-4924 inhibited the degradation of BCR-ABL1 and ABL1, since VHL neddylation is required for its E3 ligase activity ( FIGS. 5E / 5 F). Combination Treatment with a TP-Competitive BCR-ABL1 TKIs Compounds of Formula (I) and ATP-competitive inhibitors such as imatinib bind at orthogonal sites on protein kinases such as BCR-ABL1. Dose response titrations were performed with BCR-ABL1 transformed Ba/F3 cells for imatinib, Compound 10 and Compound 14 and IC 50 values were determined to be 0.17 μM, 1.11 μM, and 1.55 μM respectively ( FIG. 6A ). The IC 50 of imatinib in the presence of increasing concentrations of Compound 10 or Compound 14 ( FIG. 6A ) was also determined. Unexpectedly, co-treatment with 2.5 μM Compound 10 reduced the IC 50 of imatinib almost 3-fold, likely due to degradation reducing the BCR-ABL1 protein present, suggesting a lower dose of imatinib can entirely abrogate signaling. In various embodiments, co-administration of a compound of Formula (I) and at least one ATP-competitive tyrosine kinase inhibitor reduces the IC 50 of the ATP-competitive tyrosine kinase inhibitor by at least about 1.2, 1.4, 1.6, 1.8, 2.0, 2.2, 2.4, 2.6, 2.8, 3, 3.2, 3.4, 3.6, 3.8, 4, 4.2, 4.4, 4.6, 4.8, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95, or 100-fold in comparison to the ATP-competitive inhibitor alone. The co-treatment of the diastereomer Compound 14 slightly reduced the IC 50 value for imatinib, demonstrating that co-treatment with an active degrader is advantageous over co-treatment with the equivalent allosteric inhibitor.
 It should be noted that the reservations about Tojo et al. 's study 108 expressed above (see Chronic phase ) do not apply in AP disease, because the preliminary study phase was only necessary for CP participants. Complete cytogenetic response: accelerated phase Table 54 presents details of CCyR rates in ImR and mixed populations, with meta-analytical subtotals, where appropriate. As noted above, one participant in le Coutre et al. 's multicentre study 107 met the criteria for CCyR at study entry. There is good agreement between this small sample of estimates and little evidence that response rates systematically differ according to imatinib failure status (note, however, that no estimates are available for an exclusively ImI population). Major cytogenetic response: accelerated phase As in the evidence base relating to CML-CP, MCyR (≤ 35% Ph+) is reported in all included studies. Table 55 presents details of response rates in ImR and mixed populations, with meta-analytical subtotals, where appropriate. As noted above, five participants in le Coutre et al. 's multicentre study 107 met the criteria for MCyR at study entry.
 Dr. Berk obtained his medical degree from Case Western Reserve University, and completed his internship, residency and fellowship in internal medicine, hematology and medical oncology, at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University and New York Presbyterian Hospital, where he also served as a faculty member from 1989-2004. During this time Dr. Berk served as an investigator on several industry-sponsored and cooperative group oncology clinical trials, including the pivotal trials for Gleevec® and Avastin®.   Michael Breen was appointed as a director on January 13, 2021.Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Breen served as a senior partner in the global law firm of Clyde & Co., specializing in all aspects of corporate law, including mergers and acquisitions and fund management regulatory issues, which included advising clients in the biotechnology and health sciences sectors. Prior to joining Clyde & Co., Mr Breen served as a senior partner and managing partner in the London law firm of Edward Lewis.
 \n Imatinib-induced tyrosine kinase inhibition extends beyond the BCR-ABL mutation, resulting in adverse effects. We evaluated hypogammaglobulinemia as a potential 'off-target' action of imatinib in children with CML. A cross-sectional, observational study was performed. Patients with CML in chronic phase, age <18-years at diagnosis, receiving imatinib for a duration exceeding 6-months were enrolled. Serum immunoglobulin G, A, and M were measured by end-point nephelometry. Thirty patients were enrolled. The mean age at diagnosis was 10.4 ± 3.1 years (range: 5-18). The mean age at enrollment was 16.4 ± 4.1 years (range: 9-23). The median dose of imatinib was 287.5 mg/m 2 (IQR: 267.3, 345.0). The median duration of imatinib-therapy was 6-years (IQR: 3.0, 10.3). The median (IQR) normalized levels of IgG, IgA, and IgM were 33.0% (IQR: -12.8, 58.7), 28.1% (IQR: -17.0, 90.1) and 15.9% (IQR: -9.3, 40.5), respectively. The IgG, IgA, and IgM levels were reduced in 9 (30%), 8 (27%), and 10 (33%) patients, respectively. Five (17%) patients had pan-hypogammaglobulinemia. We suggest checking immunoglobulin levels in patients with CML receiving imatinib with recurrent/unusual infections.
 The cases are used to discuss the consequences for therapy and prognosis resulting from the heterogeneity of this tumor entity; the relevant immunohistochemical markers used to distinguish between various tumor subtypes of gastrointestinal mesenchymal tumors (GIMT) are listed. Since gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST) represent the most common subgroup of GIMT, we focus on the clinicopathological prognostic factors of GIST. The third case of a 40-year-old patient with a malignant GIST recurrence after surgery and exhibiting secondary resistance after one year of successful therapy with the receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor imatinib (Gleevec), antagonizing pathogenetically relevant constitutive c-KIT activation, illustrates the potential and limitations of the only effective drug treatment for advanced GIST.
 Bcr‐Abl is a potent oncoprotein that facilitates leukemogenesis through several signal transduction pathways involving phosphatidylinositol‐3 kinase (PI3K) and Akt, Janus kinase 2 (Jak2) and signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT), and Ras ( 5 ). Activation of these pathways in CML progenitor cells leads to increased proliferation and differentiation and to decreased apoptosis ( 5 , 6 ). Managing patients with CML has been revolutionized by Bcr‐Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitors, such as ATP‐competitive inhibitor imatinib mesylate ( 7 ), which is now standard first‐line therapy. Despite the remarkable safety and effectiveness of imatinib ( 8 ), CML relapses due to drug resistance are not uncommon. Imatinib resistance is caused primarily by mutations in the Bcr‐Abl kinase domain, which disfavors the binding of imatinib ( 9 ). BCR‐ABL point mutations in at least 40 different amino acids were found in >50% of patients who relapsed while on imatinib therapy ( 10 ). The most common mutation, at position Thr315, accounted for up to 20% of imatinib resistance in patients ( 11 ). Although the second‐line Abl kinase inhibitors nilotinib and dasatinib, and newly developed allosteric inhibitor GNF‐2, which binds to myristate‐binding site of Abl ( 12 ), target almost all imatinib‐resistant Bcr‐Abl mutants, the gatekeeper mutation T315I remains the most recalcitrant in CML management ( 13 ). These facts highlight the demand for alternative therapeutic strategies to circumvent T315I‐mediated drug resistance in CML treatment.
