in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state, province, territory or jurisdiction. About Aerovate Therapeutics, Inc. Aerovate is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs that meaningfully improve the lives of patients with rare cardiopulmonary disease. Aerovate's initial focus is on advancing AV-101, its dry powder inhaled formulation of the drug imatinib for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension, or PAH. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes certain disclosures that contain “forward-looking statements,” including, without limitation, statements regarding Aerovate’s expectations regarding the commencement of trading of its shares on the Nasdaq Global Market, the completion and timing of the closing of the
activity; or a protein or lipid phosphatase activity; or any further anti-angiogenic compound” as used herein includes a protein tyrosine kinase and/or serine and/or threonine kinase inhibitor or lipid kinase inhibitor, such as a) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the platelet-derived growth factor-receptors (PDGFR), such as a compound that targets, decreases, or inhibits the activity of PDGFR, such as an N-phenyl-2-pyrimidine-amine derivatives, such as imatinib, SU101, SU6668, and GFB-111; b) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the fibroblast growth factor-receptors (FGFR); c) a compound targeting, decreasing, or inhibiting the activity of the insulin-like growth factor receptor I (IGF-IR), such as a compound that targets, decreases, or inhibits the activity of IGF-IR; d)
disclosure, the compound includes one of the following structures, or includes one of isomers, stereoisomers, geometric isomers, tautomers, nitrogen oxides, hydrates, solvates, metabolites, pharmaceutically acceptable salts or prodrugs of the following structures: where R 1 is independently calcipotriol, cyclopamine, Ganciclovir, Fingolimod, all-trans retinoic acid or hyaluronidase; and R 2 is independently triptolide, paclitaxel, docetaxel, adriamycin, camptothecin, hydroxycamptothecin, 5-fluorouracil, Gemcitabine, Cisplatin, Irinotecan, Oxaliplatin, Pemetrexed, Capecitabine, Epirubicin, Sorafenib, Gefitinib, Erlotinib, Imatinib, Nilotinib, Dasatinib, Everolimus, Sunitinib, Ibrutinib, Crizotinib, Pazopanib, Carfilzomib, Tofacitinib, Axitinib, Regorafenib, Verofenib, Sirolimus, Ponatinib, Levatinib, Olaparib, Ceritinib, Romidepsin, Alectinib, Belinostat, Bosutinib, Vandetanib, Cabozantinib, Afatinib, Trametinib, Dabrafenib, or Lapatinib. The compound according to the embodiments of the present disclosure can be enzymatically degraded in vivo to produce medicines of the tumor
having an advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumor, comprising orally administering to the patient 100, 150 200, or 300 mg of ripretinib daily or twice daily for at least 28 days. In some embodiments, the patient has been administered at least one previous kinase inhibitor. In some embodiments, the patient has been administered at least three previous kinase inhibitors. In some embodiments, the at least one previous kinase inhibitor is imatinib. In some embodiments, comprising orally administering to the patient 100, 150 or 200 mg of ripretinib daily or twice daily for at least 4 months. In another embodiment, described herein is a method for achieving at least 5 months of progression free survival as determined by mRECIST 1.1 in a
ongoing ADT and/or surgical castration. Castration resistant prostate cancer is defined as prostate cancer that continues to progress or worsen or adversely affect the health of the patient despite prior surgical castration, continued treatment with gonadotropin releasing hormone agonists (e.g., leuprolide) or antagonists (e.g., degarelix or abarelix), antiandrogens (e.g., bicalutamide, flutamide, apalutamide, enzalutamide, apalutamide, ketoconazole, aminoglutethamide), chemotherapeutic agents (e.g., docetaxel, paclitaxel, cabazitaxel, adriamycin, mitoxantrone, estramustine, cyclophosphamide), kinase inhibitors (imatinib (Gleevec®) or gefitinib (Iressa), cabozantinib (Cometriq™, also known as XL184)) or other prostate cancer therapies (e.g., vaccines (sipuleucel-T (Provenge), GVAX, etc.), herbal (PC-SPES) and lyase inhibitor (abiraterone)) as evidenced by increasing or higher serum levels of prostate specific antigen (PSA), metastasis, bone metastasis, pain, lymph node involvement, increasing size or serum
from baseline accurately identified patients at risk for disease progression (high risk: 48/301 (16%) patients; 5-year OS: 83% vs 98%; hazard ratio (HR): 6.3; P=0.001). The second crucial time point is after 6 months of therapy, when the BCR-ABL IS transcript levels are expected to be <1% (2-log reduction). This time point helps identify a higher-risk subgroup of patients who failed to achieve EMR at 3 months after imatinib treatment. For example, group 2, who achieved BCR-ABL IS transcripts <1% IS at 6 months after failing to achieve an EMR at 3 months, did well in the absence of a significant difference in the short- or long-term outcomes compared with group 1, who achieved an EMR at 3 months.
-β / -λ Inhaled IFN-β IL-6 IL-6: obesity / granulocytes \n → IL-6 → steroid-resistant inflammation IL-6 Anti-IL-6 (e.g. clazakizumab) Anti-IL-6R (e.g. tocilizumab) IL-6 trans-signalling: bacteria → TLRs \n → granulocytes shed soluble IL-6R + IL-6 → local \n epithelial cell inflammation sIL-6R Antimicrobials Mast cells IgE cross-linking → Mast \n cell degranulation → mediators including histamine, tryptase, \n chymase, carboxypeptidase Tryptase Anti-β-tryptase mAb Chymase KIT inhibitors (e.g. imatinib) IFN-γ Th1 / ILC1 / NK cells → \n IFN-γ → CXCL10 → neutrophilia & ↓ \n SLPI TNF Soluble TNFR (e.g. etanercept) IFN-γ, \n CXCL10, SLPI IFN-γ, CXCL10, SLPI Small-molecule inhibtors (JAK1) Tbet DNAzyme (Tbet) CXCL8 (IL-8) CXCL8 → CXCR2 → neutrophil \n recruitment CXCL8 Small-molecule inhibitors Open in
, 18 , 19 . Additionally, the morphological changes in MCF-7 cells were examined by microscope. Following treatment with the test compounds at 0.1 µM for 24 h, the cells were stained with annexin V and PI. The determination of necrotic, early/late apoptotic changes were performed by flow cytometer (FC500, Beckman Coulter, Miami, FL). 2.2.3. Kinase inhibitory activity 2.2.3.1. Kinase profiling test Compounds 16a , b , d and imatinib were evaluated for their inhibitory activities against 20 kinases at a single concentration (10 μM). The test was performed using the radiolabeled ATP determination method (KINEXUS Bioinformatics Corporation, Vancouver, Canada). The test was performed following the previous reports 13 , 20 . 2.2.3.2. CDK-2 inhibitory assay The ability of compounds 16a
with suboptimal response. Open in a separate window Fig 1 (A) Anti‐S IgG EC50 pre and post vaccination. (B) Neutralising antibody ID50 within different TKI groups. EC50, 50% effective concentration; ID50, 50% inhibitory dilution; TKI, tyrosine kinase inhibitor. The median (IQR) EC 50 value for anti‐S IgG in all patients from ELISA testing was 100 5 (25–408·3). Amongst different TKIs the median EC 50 values were 251 5 for imatinib, 100·5 for nilotinib, 373·5 for dasatinib, 379·5 for bosutinib and 25 for ponatinib. No patients had evidence of confirmed previous infection as determined by a >fourfold increase in OD of IgG against the Nucleocapsid (N) and S protein in the pre‐vaccine sample. 4 However, a single patient did have a
96-well culture dishes by flow cytometry, and cultures were expanded in the same medium. For transplantation of irradiated recipients, donor bone marrow cells were transduced for 3 h in the absence of cytokine support with a vector encoding p185, and infected cells (1 × 10 6 per recipient mouse) were infused without intervening culture into lethally irradiated (11 Gy in two fractions) animals. To quantify cytostatic effects of imatinib, cells plated at 2 × 10 4 per well in 96-well plates were cultured in the presence or absence of 10 ng/mL recombinant IL-7 (R&D Systems), and imatinib (Novartis) was added to achieve the indicated concentrations. Cell growth was quantified 72 h later by a methane–thiosulfonate–base assay (CellTiter 96 Aqueous One Solution reagent, Promega). Southern blotting and molecular cloning of proviral integrations Genomic DNA extracted from single-cell-derived pre-B clones or from leukemic bone marrow obtained from moribund mice
reorganization essential for multiple cellular processes, such as cell migration ( 1 , 25 – 27 ), proliferation ( 1 , 28 , 29 ), cytokinesis ( 30 ), smooth muscle contraction ( 9 , 31 , 32 ), and cancer metastasis ( 26 ). c-Abl expression is upregulated in asthmatic human airway smooth muscle cells (HASMCs) ( 31 , 33 ). Inhibition of c-Abl by the inhibitor, imatinib, reduces airway hyperresponsiveness and remodeling in animal models of asthma ( 34 ), and relieves breathing difficulty of patients with severe asthma ( 4 , 35 ). In smooth muscle cells, c-Abl orchestrates actin reorganization by controlling glia maturation factor (GMF)-γ ( 36 ), which is a member of the
imbalance favoring local production and signaling activity in pulmonary vascular cells ( 10 ). Over the last decades, substantial evidence has accumulated in favor of this idea as seen in preclinical studies that support the contribution of seminal growth factors, such as platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF), to smooth muscle hyperplasia in PAH vasculopathy ( 11 ). Efforts to target PDGF in PAH have been undertaken most recently with imatinib, an FDA-approved tyrosine kinase inhibitor known to target the PDGF receptor and with documented efficacy in animal models of PAH. Unfortunately, a phase 3 clinical trial (IMPRES) demonstrated modest improvement in clinical parameters and increased rates of intracranial bleeding that have mitigated the early enthusiasm for use of imatinib in patients with PAH ( 12 ). Despite these unexpected results, there is still interest in identifying other candidate growth factors as treatment targets because existing PAH therapies fail to prevent disease progression, possibly by their inability to effectively halt progressive vascular remodeling. As the first among equals, NGF is
effects in the proliferation and migration of SMCs are better described in the systemic circulation where it is regarded as an important contributor to major vascular conditions such as atherosclerosis ( 20 ). Our present study focused on PASMCs and human idiopathic PAH, to better analyze the role of PDGF in humans, as well as the possible interest of novel therapeutic agents targeting the PDGF pathway, such as imatinib in PAH. Proliferation and migration of PASMCs represent a singular step in the pathogenesis of pulmonary vascular remodeling. Many studies have addressed the phenotypes of the cells involved in neointima formation. Early findings suggested that endothelial cells were the predominant phenotype in plexiform lesions ( 21 ), but more recently
potent mitogens and chemoattractants for SMCs, fibroblasts, and endothelial cells, usually forming homo- or heterodimers that stimulate cell surface receptors, which in turn activate the major signal transduction pathways, such as the Ras-mitogen activated protein kinase pathway. The cellular response to stimulation by growth factors involves proliferation, migration, and resistance to apoptosis. Several case reports suggested that in end-stage pulmonary hypertensive patients, compassionate treatment with the PDGF inhibitor imatinib could restore and/or improve clinical conditions ( 43 – 45 ). The phase III randomized controlled trial Imatinib in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (IMPRES, ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00902174 ) is currently underway. Serotonin (5-HT) and RhoA are mediators investigated now for many years in the context of vascular proliferation in pulmonary hypertension. Guilluy and colleagues in this journal described an intriguing cross-link between both signaling pathways ( 46 ). In
of SCF would be multifactorial by inhibiting not only the local mast cell populations involved early on during the response but also the recruitment and activation of eosinophils ( 22 , 23 , 43 – 45 ). Furthermore, the recent identification of increased expression of both SCF and c-kit in airways of individuals with asthma gives additional support for targeting this activation pathway ( 28 ). However, because imatinib may also have effects on other receptor tyrosine kinase family members, such as PDGFR, the effects observed in this study likely were an outcome of blocking other pathways as well. The responses are also likely to encompass the alteration of bone marrow-derived cells, especially if imatinib is given long term. We found no alteration of circulating leukocyte numbers (data not shown), but have not performed extensive studies to examine bone marrow or peripheral leukocyte counts in the present studies. However, in these studies imatinib was given a single time just before allergen challenge, and the effects may be centered on the alleviation of the inflammatory responses directly activated within the airways. The reduction of chemokines may have resulted from decreased Th2 cytokines as well as the direct effects of blocking specific signaling processes related to specific receptor tyrosine kinase pathways. Previous observations in patients treated with imatinib for chronic myeloid leukemia have identified increases in IFN after a 3-month treatment protocol, potentially suggesting an alteration of the overall balance of Th1 and Th2 type responses ( 46 ). In contrast, another study that examined T cell responses in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia before and after imatinib treatment found no difference in the Th1/Th2 cytokine levels on polyclonal activation ( 47 ). Interestingly, data suggest that imatinib may produce long-term, event-free survival in patients with T cell lymphoid blastic phase ( 48 ). Another recent publication has indicated that imatinib treatment affects the development of CD34+ progenitor cells into dendritic cells ( 49 ), further supporting a role for imatinib in altering the development of detrimental immune responses. Related to the current study are previous observations where SCF has been specifically blocked in the airway, either by antibody or antisense therapy, and an alteration in Th2 cytokines observed ( 31 , 32 ). Thus, by blocking the initiation of this
septal defects, and complex heterotaxy syndromes. 1 Acquired PVS is a rare complication of atrial fibrillation ablation with PV isolation that is often missed due to predominant pulmonary symptoms. Presentation includes shortness of breath, haemoptysis, recurrent symptoms suggestive of pneumonia, and progression to right-sided heart failure. Transcatheter balloon angioplasty and stent placement is the mainstay treatment, though with high recurrence rates. 4 , 5 Antiproliferative agents such as imatinib and bevacizumab are under investigation. The advent of new treatment modalities for atrial fibrillation has led to an increase in the incidence of acquired PVS. 3 , 6 A multi-centre trial conducted at 13 sites found mild or moderate PV stenosis in 8.2% of ablated PVs at 3 months post-procedure,
with SARS‐CoV‐2 infection, demonstrating higher mortality compared to the non‐MPN population. Worse outcome was associated with older age, male sex, comorbidities, a diagnosis of MF, lymphopenia and respiratory support requirement. Higher risks were also identified for ruxolitinib discontinuation following infection. The CANDID CML study reported on 110 patients with SARS‐CoV‐2 infection, 70% of whom were on TKIs. 3 Univariate analysis revealed age >75 years, severe infection and use of imatinib (likely surrogate marker of older age) as adverse risk factors. We appreciate that the present study is exploratory in nature, with a limited cohort size and comprises a range of chronic MPN conditions. We focussed solely on T‐cell functionality, did not include measurement of SARS‐CoV‐2‐neutralising antibodies or assessment for pre‐existing
to: alkylating agents, including cyclophosphamide, ifosfamide, thiotepa, melphalan, chloroethylnitrosourea and bendamustine; platinum derivatives, including cisplatin, oxaliplatin, carboplatin and satraplatin; antimitotic agents, including vinca alkaloids (vincristine, vinorelbine and vinblastine), taxanes (paclitaxel, docetaxel), epothilones and inhibitors of mitotic kinases including aurora and polo kinases; topoisomerase inhibitors, including anthracyclines, epipodophyllotoxins, camptothecin and analogues of camptothecin; antimetabolites, including 5-fluorouracil, capecitabine, cytarabine, gemcitabine, 6-mercaptopurine, 6-thioguanine, fludarabine, methotrexate and premetrexed; protein kinase inhibitors, including imatinib, gefitinib, sorafenib, sunitinib, erlotinib, dasatinib, and lapatinib; proteosome inhibitors, including bortezomib; histone deacetylase inhibitors, including valproate and SAHA; antiangiogenic drugs, including bevacizumab; monoclonal antibodies, including trastuzumab, rituximab, alemtuzumab, tositumomab, cetuximab, panitumumab; conjugates of myoclonal antibodies, including Gemtuzumab ozogamicin, Ibritumomab tiuxetan; hormonal therapies, including antiestrogens (tamoxifen, raloxifen, anastrazole, letrozole, examestane) antiandrogens
Calcipotriol Enhances Efficacy of Imatinib and Nilotinib on Cells Derived from Plexiform Neurofibroma. \n Plexiform neurofibromas (PNFs) are benign tumors composed mainly of tumorous Schwann cells and non-tumorous fibroblasts. This study examined the possible enhancing effect of vitamin D on the efficacy of drugs used for the treatment of PNF in vitro. Paired Schwann cells and fibroblasts were cultured from 10 PNFs and treated with imatinib and nilotinib in the absence and presence of calcipotriol, an analogue of the active metabolite of vitamin D. IC 50 values for cell proliferation were calculated. Calcipotriol reduced the IC 50 of the two drugs in both tumorous Schwann cells and non-tumorous fibroblasts by 40 to 45%. Calcipotriol enhanced the efficacy of imatinib and nilotinib on PNF-derived cells in vitro, though rather non-specifically. Nevertheless, sustaining vitamin D at 100-200 nM, the physiological range, may be beneficial for reducing the dose of drugs without scarifying efficacy. \n
Drug formulation developer Aerovate Therapeutics files for a $100 million IPO - ( Renaissance Capital via NewsPoints Desk ) \n Aerovate Therapeutics filed with the SEC to raise up to $100 million, reported Renaissance Capital. The company's initial focus is on advancing AV-101, a dry powder inhaled formulation of Gleevec (imatinib) to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It completed a Phase I study in healthy volunteers and AV-101 was generally well-tolerated with no serious adverse events reported. Aerovate anticipates initiating a Phase IIb/III trial of AV-101 in PAH patients in the second half of 2021. \n
kinase BcrAbl (the product of bcrabl gene and the Philadelphia Chromosome) is causally associated with Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia and Acute lymphocytic leukemia. Constitutive tyrosine kinase activity of BcrAbl promotes proliferation and survival of chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) cells. Inhibition of BcrAbl tyrosine kinase activity or signaling proteins activated by BcrAbl in CML cells blocks proliferation and causes apoptotic cell death. The selective Abl kinase inhibitor, STI-571 (marketed as Gleevec), is toxic to CML cells in culture, causes regression of CML tumors in nude mice, and is currently used to treat CML patients. Expression of BcrAbl in hematopoietic stem cells promotes transformation and acts early in leukemogenesis. Inhibition of this kinase with STI-571 effectively controls CML in the chronic phase
dose provided to a patient will vary depending upon what is being administered, the purpose of the administration, the manner of administration, and the like. A "therapeutically effective amount" is an amount sufficient to cure or ameliorate symptoms of CML. The compound of this invention may be delivered alone or in combination with other compounds used to treat CML. Such compounds include but are not limited to STI-571 (GLEEVEC (TM) ), hydroxyurea, IFN-alpha, cytotoxic agents, 17-(Allylamino)-17-demethoxygeldanamycin or derivatives thereof, or wortmannin. The compound of this invention was prepared from: (a) commercially available starting materials (b) known starting materials which can be prepared as described in literature procedures or (c) new intermediates described in the schemes and experimental procedures herein.
(USD 606 Millionen, +28% kWk) zur oralen Behandlung multipler Sklerose erzielte im zweiten Quartal ein starkes Wachstum, das von den Märkten ausserhalb der USA angetrieben wurde. Afinitor (USD 384 Millionen, +25% kWk) verzeichnete weiterhin solide Zuwächse gegenüber der Vorjahresperiode. Tasigna (USD 373 Millionen, +18% kWk) eroberte im zweiten Quartal weitere Marktsegment­anteile und kurbelte das Wachstum der Therapien gegen chronische myeloische Leukämie (CML) an (dazu gehört neben Tasigna auch Glivec/Gleevec ). Die Biosimilars (USD 128 Millionen, +23% kWk) erzielten im zweiten Quartal weiterhin kräftige zweistellige Umsatzsteigerungen und stärkten damit die weltweite Führungsposition von Sandoz. Wachstumsmärkte In den Wachstumsmärkten von Novartis - sie umfassen alle Märkte ausser den USA, Kanada, Westeuropa, Japan, Australien und Neuseeland - stieg der Nettoumsatz im zweiten
at the University of California in San Francisco, US, and his hematology-oncology fellowship training at the University of California in Los Angeles, US. Dr. Sawyers is an internationally acclaimed cancer researcher. His research has focused on characterizing signal transduction pathway abnormalities in various cancers, including chronic myeloid leukemia and prostate cancer, and developing molecularly targeted cancer drugs for both diseases. In particular, he co-developed Novartis' targeted cancer drug, Gleevec / Glivec . Prior to joining Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in 2006, he worked at Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center of the University of California, Los Angeles, US, for nearly 18 years. Dr. Sawyers has received numerous honors and awards, including the Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award, often considered America's Nobel Prize, in
to significantly improve vision in patients with wet age-related macular degeneration, diabetic macular edema and macular edema secondary to retinal vein occlusion. Additionally, Tasigna (USD 237 million in the second quarter, +45% cc; USD 446 million in the first half, +42% cc), our next-generation targeted therapy for patients with chronic myeloid leukemia (CML), delivered robust growth in the second quarter. With multiple studies showing its superiority even to Glivec , the gold standard treatment for CML, Tasigna is approved for sale in 70 markets globally, and continues to gain market share in both the first-line and second-line settings. It now represents 22% of our CML franchise, up from 17% a year ago. In Alcon, the Surgical franchise once again
5, 2011. [2] National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN): Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology: Soft Tissue. [3] American Cancer Society. Cancer Reference Information. Detailed Guide for Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors. http://www.cancer.org/acs/groups/cid/documents/webcontent/003103-pdf.pdf . [4] DeMatteo RP, Lewis JJ, Leung D, Mudan SS, Woodruff JM, Brennan MF. Two hundred gastrointestinal stromal tumors: recurrence patterns and prognostic factors for survival. Ann Surg. 2000 Jan;231(1):51-8. [5] Study Comparing 12 Months Versus 36 Months of Imatinib in the Treatment of Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor (GIST). Available at: http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT00116935. Accessed on January 9, 2012. # # # Novartis Media Relations Central media line : +41 61 324 2200 Eric Althoff Novartis Global Media Relations +41 61 324 7999 (direct) +41 79 593 4202 (mobile) eric.althoff@novartis.com Sabrina Oei Novartis
open-label tiotropium, and the effect observed with NVA237 was similar to that seen with tiotropium. Overall, NVA237 was well tolerated by patients, with the number of adverse events similar to or lower than placebo. These results will form the basis of regulatory filings planned for later this year. A Phase III study showed a significant survival benefit for patients with resected KIT+ gastrointestinal stromal tumors who received adjuvant Glivec (imatinib) treatment for three years following surgery as compared to one year following surgery. The results, gathered five years after surgery, showed that 66% of patients taking adjuvant Glivec therapy for three years remained free of cancer recurrence (primary endpoint) compared to 48% of those who had received adjuvant Glivec therapy for only one year (p<.0001). Moreover, 92% of patients taking Glivec for three years had survived to the five-year mark (secondary endpoint), compared to 82% of those who had received Glivec for only one year (p=.019). These clinical data will be submitted to regulatory authorities in the second half of 2011 to support extended adjuvant Glivec treatment of three years. A Phase III study of Afinitor in patients with tuberous sclerosis complex, the largest prospective clinical trial in Phase III to date in this patient population, met the primary endpoint of reduction in subependymal giant cell astrocytoma (SEGA) volume. Results showed that more than one-third of
werden PTK796 Akute bakterielle Infektionen der Haut und Hautstrukturen, ambulant erworbene bakterielle Lungenentzündung 2012 III QGE031 Allergische Erkrankungen 2014 I QMF149 Chronisch-obstruktive Lungenerkrankung 2014 II - Gegenwärtig in Phase II; Zulassungsanträge für Regionen ausserhalb der USA sollen 2014 eingereicht werden - Die Entwicklung von QMF149 für den US-Markt ist derzeit nicht geplant Asthma 2014 II - EU-Zulassungsantrag für 2014 geplant - In den USA werden keine Entwicklungsaktivitäten eingeleitet QTI571 (Imatinib) Pulmonal-arterieller Bluthochdruck 2011 III - Zulassung soll plangemäss 2011 beantragt werden - Daten im 2. Halbjahr 2011 erwartet QVA149 Chronisch-obstruktive Lungenerkrankung 2012 III RLX030 Akutes Herzversagen 2013 III SMC021 Osteoarthritis 2011 III - In der ersten Phase-III-Studie wurde der erste von drei primären Endpunkten nicht erreicht; zweite Phase-III-Studie läuft Osteoporose
collaboration with molecular diagnostics company Cepheid to develop a new FDA cleared/approved Bcr-Abl test, which adheres to the International Scale. The goal of the collaboration is to help doctors more reliably monitor Ph+ CML patients. Cepheid and Novartis also will develop a next generation test, which is expected to enable even more sensitive testing, indicating the depth of a patient's response to tyrosine kinase inhibitors, including Tasigna and Glivec. Currently there are no FDA cleared/approved tests to monitor for Bcr-Abl. "The creation and introduction of Glivec revolutionized the treatment of Ph+ CML by substantially improving overall survival rates for patients," said Hervé Hoppenot, President, Novartis Oncology. "We are encouraged by the ongoing clinical development of Tasigna as a new treatment showing that at 24 months it continues to surpass Glivec in slowing disease progression in patients with newly diagnosed chronic phase Ph+ CML." Another study will be presented at this year's annual ASH meeting which provides further support for the use of Tasigna in patients with newly diagnosed Ph+ CML. The Gruppo Italiano Malattie Ematologiche dell'Adulto (GIMEMA) study, an ongoing,
- First data from INNOVATE-PCI Phase II trial results to be presented at European Society of Cardiology in August 2010 - First Phase III start planned for H2 2010 PTK796 Complicated skin and soft tissue infections 2012 III QAX028 Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ≥2014 II - Results from a Phase IIa efficacy study are expected in H2 2010 QMF149 Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 2013 II Asthma 2013 II QTI571 (Glivec) Pulmonary arterial hypertension 2011 III QVA149 Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 2012 III - Results from a Phase IIa efficacy study presented in late 2009 - Phase III started in April 2010 Project/ Compound Potential indication/ Disease area Planned submissions Current Phase News update RLX030 Acute heart failure 2013 III SBR759
(including brain, eye, kidney and gastrointestinal tract), diverticulitis, gastrointestinal perforation, tumor hemorrhage/necrosis and hip osteonecrosis/avascular necrosis. Patients with cardiac disease or risk factors for cardiac failure should be monitored carefully and any patient with signs or symptoms consistent with cardiac failure should be evaluated and treated. Cardiac screening should be considered in patients with HES/CEL, and patients with MDS/MPD with high level of eosinophils (echocardiogram, serum troponin level). Glivec is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to imatinib or any of its excipients. Women of childbearing potential should be advised to avoid becoming pregnant while taking Glivec. Disclaimer The foregoing release contains forward-looking statements that can be identified by terminology such as "to file," "may," "should," "potential," "promise," "plans," "will," or similar expressions, or by express or implied discussions regarding potential new indications or labeling for Tasigna or regarding potential future revenues from Tasigna or Glivec. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. Such forward-looking statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results with Tasigna or Glivec to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. There can be no guarantee that Tasigna will be submitted or approved for any additional indications or labeling in any market. Nor can there be any guarantee that Tasigna or Glivec will achieve any particular levels of revenue in the future. In particular, management's expectations regarding Tasigna and Glivec could be affected by, among other things, unexpected clinical trial results, including unexpected new clinical data and unexpected additional analysis of existing clinical data; unexpected regulatory actions or delays or government regulation generally; the company's ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection; competition in general;
USD 872 million of sales in the 2009 quarter, up 94% lc over the 2008 quarter. These products provided eight percentage points of the 12% lc sales growth in the 2009 first quarter while also representing 14% of the division's net sales compared to 8% in the 2008 period. All therapeutic franchises grew in local currencies. Oncology (USD 2.0 billion, +13% lc) ranked as the largest, led by Gleevec/Glivec (USD 894 million, +13% lc), Femara (USD 286 million, +15% lc) and Zometa (USD 342 million, +10% lc). Cardiovascular (USD 1.7 billion, +14% lc) strategic portfolio gains came from the new high blood pressure medicines Exforge (USD 136 million) and Tekturna/Rasilez (USD 52 million) as well as ongoing global expansion
Millionen und damit gegenüber dem Vorjahresquartal eine Steigerung von 94% in lokalen Währungen. Diese Produkte trugen im ersten Quartal 2009 8 Prozentpunkte zum Umsatzwachstum von 12% in Lokalwährungen bei und steigerten ihren Anteil am Nettoumsatz der Division gegenüber dem Vorjahreszeitraum von 8% auf 14%. Alle Therapiebereiche verzeichneten Zuwächse in Lokalwährungen. Als umsatzstärkster Bereich behauptete sich der Onkologiebereich (USD 2,0 Milliarden, +13% in lokalen Währungen) mit den führenden Produkten Glivec/Gleevec (USD 894 Millionen, +13% in lokalen Währungen), Femara (USD 286 Millionen, +15% in lokalen Währungen) und Zometa (USD 342 Millionen, +10% in lokalen Währungen). Für den Zuwachs des strategischen Herz-Kreislauf-Portfolios (USD 1,7 Milliarden, +14% in lokalen Währungen) sorgten die neuen Blutdrucksenker Exforge (USD 136 Millionen) und Rasilez/Tekturna (USD 52 Millionen)
74%[2] and 45%[1] of patients treated with Tasigna exhibited MMR after six months. Tasigna was well tolerated in both studies. "Newly diagnosed patients taking Tasigna experienced remarkable responses with minimal toxicity," said Jorge Cortes, MD, Professor of Medicine and Deputy Chair of Leukemia at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. "These results indicate there is potential for patients to reach important clinical milestones faster." Glivec[*](imatinib) is the standard treatment for Ph+ CML and rapidly transformed the treatment of CML when it was introduced in 2001. An ongoing Phase III trial called ENESTnd (Evaluating Nilotinib Efficacy in Clinical Trials of Newly Diagnosed Ph+ CML Patients) is evaluating Tasigna vs. Glivec in newly diagnosed patients and is now fully accrued. Data from ENESTnd will be reported once available. "Building on the wealth of scientific and clinical knowledge we have gained with Glivec, Novartis strives to continually uncover novel approaches to help Ph+ CML patients achieve the best long-term outcomes," said David Epstein, President and CEO, Novartis Oncology. Tasigna is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor approved for the treatment of patients who are resistant or intolerant to prior treatment including Glivec. Tasigna is specifically designed to target the Bcr-Abl protein, which is produced only by cells containing the abnormal Philadelphia chromosome, and is recognized as the key cause of the overproduction of cancerous white blood cells. The Philadelphia chromosome is found in nearly all patients with CML. Study results The first
or clinically significant bradycardia), as well as in patients who have or may develop prolongation of QTc. These include patients with abnormally low potassium or magnesium levels, patients with congenital long QT syndrome, patients taking anti-arrhythmic medicines or other drugs that may lead to QT prolongation. Low levels of potassium or magnesium must be corrected prior to Tasigna administration. Studies have also shown virtually no non-hematologic cross-intolerance between Glivec and Tasigna. (Cross-intolerance occurs when patients cannot tolerate two different drugs because of the same side effects). Causes of non-hematologic intolerance to Glivec included Grade 3 or 4 rash/skin toxicity, fluid retention, gastrointestinal intolerance, liver toxicity, and myalgia/arthralgia. About Glivec Glivec is approved in more than 90 countries including the US, EU and Japan for the treatment of all phases of Ph+ CML. Glivec is also approved in the EU, US and other countries for the treatment of patients with Kit (CD117)-positive gastrointestinal tumors (GIST), which cannot be surgically removed and/or have already spread to other parts of the body (metastasized). In Japan, Glivec is approved for the treatment of patients with Kit (CD117)-positive GIST. In the EU, Glivec is also approved for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukemia (Ph+ ALL) in combination with chemotherapy and as a single agent for patients with relapsed or refractory Ph+ ALL. Glivec is also approved for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable, recurrent and/or metastatic dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP) who are not eligible for surgery. Glivec is also approved for the treatment of patients with myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases (MDS/MPD). Glivec is also approved for hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (HES/CEL). The effectiveness of Glivec is based on overall hematologic and cytogenetic response rates and progression-free survival in CML, on hematological and cytogenetic response rates in Ph+ ALL, and on objective response rates in GIST and DFSP. There are no controlled trials demonstrating increased survival. Not all indications are available in every country. Glivec contraindications, warnings and adverse events The majority of patients treated with Glivec in clinical trials experienced adverse events at some time. Most events were of mild to moderate grade and treatment discontinuation was not necessary in the majority of cases. The safety profile of Glivec was similar in all indications. The most common side effects included nausea, superficial edema, muscle cramps, skin rash, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, myalgia, arthralgia, hemorrhage, fatigue, headache, joint pain, cough, dizziness, dyspepsia and dyspnea, dermatitis, eczema, fluid retention, as well as neutropenia, thrombocytopenia and anemia. Glivec was generally well-tolerated in all the studies that were performed, either as monotherapy or in combination with chemotherapy, with the exception of a transient liver toxicity in the form of transaminase elevation and hyperbilirubinemia observed when Glivec was combined with high-dose chemotherapy. Rare/serious adverse reactions include: sepsis, pneumonia, depression, convulsions, cardiac failure, thrombosis/embolism, ileus, pancreatitis, hepatic failure, exfoliative dermatitis, angioedema, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, renal failure, fluid retention, edema (including brain, eye, pericardium, abdomen and lung), hemorrhage (including brain, eye, kidney and gastrointestinal tract), diverticulitis, gastrointestinal perforation, tumor hemorrhage/
Japan and Latin America. Diovan has achieved a 40% share of its market segment in the US among angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) and has been growing faster than the US anti-hypertensive market. Co-Diovan/Diovan HCT, a single-tablet combination with a diuretic, is now the No. 1 branded antihypertension combination therapy in the US and has benefited worldwide from increasing use of multiple therapies to help patients reach treatment goals. Gleevec/Glivec (USD 2.2 billion, +14% lc), a targeted therapy for certain forms of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) and gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST), expanded net sales based on improved survival rates for patients, expansion of the GIST market and use in rare diseases. Competition has also expanded the CML market, but it
evaluated by colonoscopy and biopsies. Tasigna[1] (nilotinib) was accepted in late 2006 for both US and EU regulatory review as a new option for patients with resistance and/or intolerance to treatment in certain forms of chronic myeloid leukemia. Phase II registration data, presented in December at the American Society of Hematology annual meeting, showed that Tasigna had impressive efficacy and a manageable safety profile, with patients intolerant to Gleevec/Glivec rarely experiencing the same side-effects on Tasigna . About half of patients treated with Tasigna had significantly reduced or no presence of cells with the defective chromosome that causes this blood cancer. Both Tasigna and Gleevec/Glivec , another Novartis medicine, inhibit Bcr-Abl, the definitive cause of Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML). Tasigna was designed to be a more selective inhibitor of Bcr-Abl and its mutations. Lucentis (ranibizumab) is anticipated to receive European Union approval in the coming weeks as a new treatment option for
la division Pharmaceuticals a une nouvelle fois progressé plus rapidement que l'industrie. Les ventes des produits stratégiques de Cardiovasculaire ont augmenté de 13% (+13% en m. l.) à USD 1,6 milliard, grâce aux excellentes performances de Diovan (+16% en m. l.) et de Lotrel (+25% en m. l.), tandis que les ventes d'Oncologie ont atteint USD 1,5 milliard, en hausse de 13% (+13% en m. l.), poussées par Glivec/Gleevec (+20% en m. l.) et Femara (+27% en m. l.). La première consolidation des produits pharmaceutiques de Chiron a contribué pour 2 points de pourcentage à la croissance du chiffre d'affaires net. Aux Etats-Unis, le chiffre d'affaires net a progressé de 20% à USD 2,4 milliards, suite à la croissance
Glivec® sets new treatment standard in chronic myeloid leukemia with high overall survival, increasing response and decreasing progression \n Nearly 90% of patients with Philadelphia chromosome-positive CML alive at five years with new analysis showing less than 5% mortality due to CML Response rate to Glivec increases substantially over five years in landmark IRIS study, the largest ever conducted in CML patients Yearly rate of progression to more advanced disease continues to drop the longer patients take Glivec, falling to 0.6% in fifth year Basel, June 3, 2006 - Response rates to Glivec® (imatinib) continue to increase substantially over time while the yearly risk of progression to advanced disease continues to decline the longer patients take the medicine, according to five-year data from a landmark study in patients with a form of life-threatening chronic myeloid leukemia. Results of the International Randomized Interferon versus STI571 (IRIS) were presented today at the 2006 Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology. Data from the IRIS study, the largest clinical trial to date for newly diagnosed adult patients with Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) in chronic phase, showed the overall survival rate at five years to be 89.4% (range 86% to 92%) for patients receiving Glivec. This considers deaths from all causes, but only 4.6% of the patients died from causes related to their leukemia. Before Glivec was available, about 50% of patients progressed to the more advanced stages of Ph+ CML after only three to five years, and survival was generally short for those patients. The results of this Phase III trial, which was started in June 2000, also showed that the number of patients with
jeunes adultes, selon la Multiple Sclerosis International Federation. Les traitements disponibles actuellement sur le marché ont des effets cliniques limités et nécessitent de fréquentes injections, allant de plusieurs fois par semaine à plusieurs fois par jour. Si les essais de phase III menés à plus grande échelle confirment les résultats préliminaires, FTY720 pourrait représenter une percée majeure et attendue de longue date pour les patients atteints de SEP. Glivec/Gleevec (imatinib mesylate), indiqué pour tous les stades de la leucémie myéloïde chronique (LMC) à chromosome Philadelphie positif (Ph+) et certaines formes de tumeurs stromales gastro-intestinales (TSGI), a reçu dernièrement l'approbation de l'EMEA pour porter la dose quotidienne moyenne de 400 mg à 600 mg ou à 800 mg pour des patients ayant
1 × 10 6 tspleen cells from dtg or control mice. Neutrophilia and splenomegaly were present in Bcr–Abl positive tBM and tBM+tspleen cell transplanted mice, 50 days after transplantation ( Figures 4d, e and Supplementary Figure S10 ). However, in addition, neutrophilia was significantly increased in mice receiving combined tBM and tspleen cells in comparison with tBM cells only, although transplanted cell numbers were identical in both groups. Imatinib is less effective on leukemic spleen cells compared with BM cells Splenomegaly is associated with a poor prognosis in CML patients. 16 , 17 To study the therapeutic success of CML therapy on BM vs spleen cells, we extended our analysis of cohorts of mice treated with imatinib or water as previously described 10 for the response of different cell subpopulations from BM and spleen. Engraftment of transplanted cells was confirmed by FACS analysis 27 days after bone marrow transplantation and showed CD45.1 positivity of 83.4±3.2% in BM and 61.8±5.7% in spleen of dtg mice ( n =3) and 85.9±14.6% in BM and 70.8±6.2% in spleen of the controls ( n =3). Mice were then treated with either imatinib or water by oral administration. Mice were killed for analysis 32 days after initiation of treatment. Donor (CD45.1) BM cells were shown to be significantly increased in water-treated dtg mice compared with controls. However, donor cells in imatinib-treated mice were decreased to control levels ( Figure 5a ). Moreover, the increase in granulocytes that was due to an increase in mature donor granulocytes (Gr1 high /CD45.1) in water-treated dtg mice was completely reverted upon imatinib treatment. Contrary to BM, imatinib-treated mice still showed a significant increase of mature leukemic spleen cells compared with controls, and this was true regardless whether total numbers ( Figure 5b ) or the percentage (data not shown) were calculated. The decrease of CD45.1 positive donor spleen cells in dtg imatinib-treated mice was accompanied by an increase of Ter119 positive cells and is thus not due to a therapeutic success but is caused by the increase of CD45 negative erythrocytes ( Figure 5b ). Splenomegaly was only mildly affected by imatinib treatment within 32 days, showing a 2.6-fold increase in dtg water-treated mice and a 1.6-fold increase in imatinib-treated mice, compared with respective controls ( Figure 5c ). Expression of Bcr–Abl was only slightly, but not significantly, decreased in BM or spleen of imatinib-treated mice (data not shown). Figure 5 Effect of imatinib treatment on BM vs spleen cells. 2 × 10 6 control or dtg BM cells (CD45.1) were injected into 9.5 Gy-irradiated recipients ( n ctrl=14/n dtg=15) positive for CD45.2. Imatinib treatment or application of vehicle control was begun 28 days after bone marrow transplantation (BMT) by oral gavage. ( a ) 32 days after continued imatinib or vehicle treatment, a cohort of mice was killed and BM cells were analyzed by FACS for the described immune phenotypes. ( b ) At the same time point total number of spleen cell populations was calculated based upon the percentage of each respective cell population and total spleen cell count. ( c ) Spleen weight was measured upon autopsy. All data are shown as mean±s.e.m. * P <0.05; IM=Imatinib. Full size image Discussion Enlargement of the spleen remains an adverse prognostic factor in CML patients both at diagnosis 16 , 17 and during imatinib treatment, 19 but the exact role of the spleen in the pathogenesis and maintenance of CML is still incompletely understood. Several clinical trials have been conducted to investigate whether targeting the spleen in CML may alter the course of the disease. Although prolonged complete remissions have in fact been documented
to those with other or no mutations. One reason for the different outcome compared to others series 7 , 12 (Corm et al. , Blood 2004; 104 : 82a, abstract) is the patient selection. We analyzed for mutations a subset of patients still in cytogenetic remission, although they had failed to achieve MMR and had increasing transcript levels. Branford et al. 7 included only patients who had received imatinib for at least 6 months or had developed resistance before 6 months. Soverini et al. 12 investigated only patients in CP who failed to achieve an MMR after 12 months of therapy. In our series, 11 patients did not meet the criteria used by Branford et al. 7 and 16
of therapy known to be life-prolonging or life-saving 2)Any concurrent chemotherapy, radiotherapy, immunotherapy, biologic, or hormonal therapy for treatment of cancer 3)For CLL patients only, rapidly progressive disease that in the estimation of the investigator and sponsor would compromise ability to complete study therapy 4)History of allergy or reaction to any component of the CAT-8015 formulation 5)Receipt of any chemotherapy or small molecule targeted therapy regimens (such as imatinib or other tyrosine kinase inhibitors, and including any experimental therapies) within 6 weeks prior to the first dose of CAT-8015 6)Receipt of any biological- or immunological-based therapies (including experimental therapies) for leukemia or lymphoma (including, but not limited to, monoclonal antibody therapy such as rituximab or cancer vaccine therapies) within
ETHICS COMMITTEE IN THE COUNTRY CONCERNED P. END OF TRIAL Expand All Collapse All A. Protocol Information A.1 Member State Concerned Germany - BfArM A.2 EudraCT number 2006-002267-11 A.3 Full title of the trial A randomized, open-label, multi-center study to evaluate the efficacy of nilotinib versus best supportive care with or without a tyrosine kinase inhibitor (investigator´s choice) in adult patients with gastrointestinal stromal tumors resistant to both imatinib and sunitinib A.4.1 Sponsor's protocol code number CAMN107A2201 A.7 Trial is part of a Paediatric Investigation Plan Information not present in EudraCT A.8 EMA Decision number of Paediatric Investigation Plan B. Sponsor Information B.Sponsor: 1 B.1.1 Name of Sponsor Novartis Pharma Services AG B.1.3.4 Country Switzerland B.3.1 and B.3.2 Status
triclosan, urofollitropin, xolair, etc. In another embodiment, the POI is selected from the group consisting of actinomycin D, albendazole, aldosterone, alprazolam, amiodarone, amitriptyline, amprenavir, asimadoline, atorvastatin, bunitrolol, buspirone, camptothecin, carbamazepine, carvedilol, celiprolol, cyclosporine A, cimetidine, clotrimazole, colchicine, cortisone, daunorubicin, debrisoquine, dexamethasone, diazepam, digitoxin, digoxin, diltiazem, docetaxel, domperidone, doxorubicin, efavirenz, epirubicin, erythromycin, ergotamine, estradiol, estradiol glucuronide, erlotinib, etoposide, phenyloin, fentanyl, felodipine, phenothiazines, fexofenadine, fluoroquinolones, fluorouracil, FK-506, gentamicin, griseofulvin, hydrocortisone, imatinib, indinavir, itraconazole, ivermectin, ketoconazole, kaempferol, levofloxacin, lidocaine, loperamide, losartan, lovastatin, mebendazole, methylprednisolone, methotrexate, mibefradil, midazolam, nisoldipine, morphine, nelfinavir, nicardipine, nitrendipine, nifedipine, ondansetron, paclitaxel, pentazocine, praziquantel, prednisolone, prednisone, quercetin, quinidine, ranitidine, rapamycin, rifabutin, rifampicin, ritonavir, saquinavir, sirolimus, sulfamethizole, tacrolimus, tamoxifen, talinolol, teniposide, terfenadine, tetracycline, topotecan, triamcinolone, valspodar, verapamil, vinblastine, vincristine, vindesine,
96/33980. Erlotinib is commercially available from Genentech/Roche under the trade name Tarceva, or may be obtained as described in PCT patent specification No. WO 96/30347. A preferred antibody targeting VEGF is bevacizumab which is commercially available from Genentech Inc under the trade name Avastin, or may be obtained as described in PCT patent specification No. WO 94/10202. Also preferred is sorafenib and sunitinib. A preferred PDGFR inhibitor is imatinib mesylate which is commercially available from Novartis AG under the trade name Gleevec™ (a.k.a. Glivec®), or may be obtained as described in European patent specification No 564409. A preferred Raf inhibitor is sorafenib which is available from Bayer AG, or may be obtained as described in PCT patent specification No. WO 00/42012. Specific Embodiments: In one embodiment, the signalling inhibitor is gefitinib (Iressa). In other embodiments the signalling inhibitor is selected from trastuzumab, cetuximab, gefitinib, erlotinib, bevacizumab, imatinib mesylate and sorafenib. Further combinations of the invention include the following signalling inhibitors: dasatinib, lapatinib, nilotinib, vandetanib, vatalinib and CHIR-258, in particular dasatinib, lapatinib, nilotinib, vandetanib and vatalinib. BMS is developing dasatinib (Sprycel or BMS-354825) an oral multitargeted kinase inhibitor, for the potential twice-daily treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and solid tumors. The drug is also under investigation for multiple myeloma (MM) and other hematologic malignancies. Dasatanib has proved effective in Ph+ CML and AML in clinical trials given twice daily at 50-90 mg and also in imatinib resistant patients. Thrombocytopenia and neutropenia were amongst the side effects observed during clinical evaluation of dasatinib. The structure of dasatinib, a Src/Abl kinase inhibitor is below: Dasatinib can be prepared by processes described in or analogous to WO 00/062778, WO 2005/076990 and WO 2005/077945. Novartis is developing nilotinib (AMN-107), an
active ingredient, the BCRP inhibitor of the present invention, acts, so long as the anticancer drug can serve as a substrate for BCRP or its analog. Examples of such an anticancer drug include topoisomerase I inhibitors such as irinotecan hydrochloride/CPT-11 (active metabolite: SN-38) and topotecan; topoisomerase II inhibitors such as mitoxantrone, doxorubicin, daunorubicin, bisantrene, and etoposide; antifolates such as methotrexate; and molecule-targeting therapeutic drugs such as gefitinib and imatinib. Notably, no particular limitation is imposed on the BCPR analog, so long as it has the same anticancer resistance as that of BCRP. The dose of the BCRP inhibitor of the present invention may be appropriately determined in accordance with, for example, the administration method or the symptom of a
Ingenuity Pathway from the input list  ©2000-2010 Ingenuity Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. ID Gene Description Location Family Drugs P07900 HSP90AA1 heat shock protein 90 kDa Cytoplasm other 17- alpha (cytosolic), class A dimethylaminoethylamino- member 1 17- demethoxygeldanamycin, IPI-504 P08238 HSP90AB1 heat shock protein 90 kDa Cytoplasm other 17- alpha (cytosolic), class B dimethylaminoethylamino- member 1 17- demethoxygeldanamycin, IPI-504 P00519 ABL1 c-abl oncogene 1, receptor Nucleus kinase saracatinib, imatinib, tyrosine kinase temozolomide P11274 BCR breakpoint cluster region Cytoplasm kinase imatinib P51812 RPS6KA3 ribosomal protein S6 Cytoplasm kinase kinase, 90 kDa, polypeptide 3 Q15418 RPS6KA1 ribosomal protein S6 Cytoplasm kinase kinase, 90 kDa, polypeptide 1 P42345 MTOR mechanistic target of Nucleus kinase deforolimus, OSI-027, rapamycin temsirolimus, tacrolimus, (serine/threonine kinase) everolimus Q8N122 RPTOR regulatory associated Cytoplasm other protein of MTOR, complex 1
finasteride, buserelin acetate, fludrocortisone, fluoxymesterone, medroxyprogesterone, octreotide), aromatase inhibitors (e.g. anastrozole, letrozole, liarozole, vorozole, exemestane, atamestane), LHRH agonists and antagonists (e.g. goserelin acetate, luprolide), inhibitors of growth factors (growth factors such as for example “platelet derived growth factor” and “hepatocyte growth factor”, inhibitors are for example “growth factor” antibodies, “growth factor receptor” antibodies and tyrosinekinase inhibitors, such as for example gefitinib, lapatinib and trastuzumab); signal transduction inhibitors (e.g. Imatinib and sorafenib); antimetabolites (e.g. antifolates such as methotrexate, premetrexed and raltitrexed, pyrimidine analogues such as 5-fluorouracil, capecitabin and gemcitabin, purine and adenosine analogues such as mercaptopurine, thioguanine, cladribine and pentostatin, cytarabine, fludarabine); antitumour antibiotics (e.g. anthracyclins such as doxorubicin, daunorubicin, epirubicin and idarubicin, mitomycin-C, bleomycin, dactinomycin, plicamycin, streptozocin); platinum derivatives
previously been treated with gemcitabine-based combination therapy, including but not limited to a combination of albumin-bound paclitaxel and gemcitabine. In some embodiments, the subject has previously been treated with an antimitotic agent selected from a group consisting of paclitaxel, docetaxel, vinblastine, vincristine, vindesine and vinorelbine. In some embodiments, the subject has previously been treated with a growth factor inhibitor selected from a group consisting of erlotinib, cetuximab, gefinitib, imatinib, panitumumab, sunitinib and vemurafenib. Methods for treating pancreatic cancer are provided, wherein the cationic liposomal formulation comprising paclitaxel is administered on days 1, 4, 8, 11, 15, 18, 22, 25, 29, 32, 36, 39, 43 and 46 at a dose of about 1 to 60 mg/m 2 and gemcitabine at
yeast. 73 . The method of claim 67 , wherein the yeast vehicle is obtained from Saccharomyces cerevisiae. 74 . The method of claim 67 , wherein the composition comprises a whole yeast transformed with and expressing a nucleic acid molecule which encodes Bcr-Abl or an immunogenic domain thereof, wherein the Bcr-Abl or immunogenic domain thereof comprises an escape mutation that emerges in response to the administration of imatinib. \n                               \n
SR®, Cardizem CD®, Cardia®, Dilacor®, Tiazac®)), a serotonin reuptake inhibitor (such as fluoxetine (Prozac®)), an endothelin-1 receptor inhibitor (such as bosentan (Tracleer®) or epoprostenol (Flolan®, Veletri®, Prostacyclin®)) an anti-fibrotic agent (such as colchicines (Colcrys®), para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), dimethyl sulfoxide (KMSO), and D-penicillamine (Cuprimine®, Depen®), interferon alpha and interferon gamma (INF-g)), a proton-pump Inhibitor (such as omeprazole (Prilosec®), metoclopramide (Reglan®), lansoprazole (Prevacid®), esomeprazole (Nexium®), pantoprazole (Protonix®), rabeprazole (Aciphex®)) or imatinib (Gleevec®) ARG201 (arGentis Pharmaceutical), belimumab (Benlysta®), tocilizumab (Actema®). In the treatment of cystic fibrosis, a compound that inhibits RIP1 kinase, particularly a compound of Formula (I) or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, may be administered in combination with a cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) potentiator (ivacftor (Kalydeco®)) a mucolytic agent
cladribine, cladribine, clodronic acid, cyclophosphamide, cytarabine, dacarbazine, dactinomycin, DaunoXome, decadron, decadron phosphate, delestrogen, denileukin diftitox, depo-medrol, deslorelin, dexrazoxane, diethylstilbestrol, diflucan, docetaxel, doxifluridine, doxorubicin, dronabinol, DW-166HC, eligard, elitek, ellence, emend, epirubicin, epoetin alfa, epogen, eptaplatin, ergamisol, estrace, estradiol, estramustine phosphate sodium, ethinyl estradiol, ethyol, etidronic acid, etopophos, etoposide, fadrozole, farston, filgrastim, finasteride, fligrastim, floxuridine, fluconazole, fludarabine, 5-fluorodeoxyuridine monophosphate, 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), fluoxymesterone, flutamide, formestane, fosteabine, fotemustine, fulvestrant, gammagard, gemcitabine, gemtuzumab, gleevec, gliadel, goserelin, granisetron HCl, histrelin, hycamtin, hydrocortone, eyrthro-hydroxynonyladenine, hydroxyurea, ibritumomab tiuxetan, idarubicin, ifosfamide, interferon alpha, interferon-alpha 2, interferon alfa-2A, interferon alfa-2B, interferon alfa-n1, interferon alfa-n3, interferon beta, interferon gamma-1a, interleukin-2, intron A, iressa, irinotecan, kytrit, lentinan sulphate, letrozole, leucovorin, leuprolide, leuprolide acetate, levamisole, levofolinic acid calcium salt, levothroid, levoxyl, lomustine,
Lilly), PD-0325901 (CAS No. 391210-10-9, Pfizer), cisplatin (cis-diamine, dichloroplatinum(II), CAS No. 15663-27-1), carboplatin (CAS No. 41575-94-4), paclitaxel (TAXOL®, Bristol-Myers Squibb Oncology, Princeton, N.J.), trastuzumab (HERCEPTIN®, Genentech), temozolomide (4-methyl-5-oxo-2,3,4,6,8-pentazabicyclo[4.3.0] nona-2,7,9-triene-9-carboxamide, CAS No. 85622-93-1, TEMODAR®, TEMODAL®, Schering Plough), tamoxifen ((Z)-2-[4-(1,2-diphenylbut-1-enyl)phenoxy]-N,N-dimethylethanamine, NOLVADEX®, ISTUBAL®, VALODEX®), and doxorubicin (ADRIAMYCIN®), Akti-1/2, HPPD, and rapamycin. More examples of chemotherapeutic agents include: oxaliplatin (ELOXATIN®, Sanofi), bortezomib (VELCADE®, Millennium Pharm.), sutent (SUNITINIB®, SU11248, Pfizer), letrozole (FEMARA®, Novartis), imatinib mesylate (GLEEVEC®, Novartis), XL-518 (Mek inhibitor, Exelixis, WO 2007/044515), ARRY-886 (Mek inhibitor, AZD6244, Array BioPharma, Astra Zeneca), SF-1126 (PI3K inhibitor, Semafore Pharmaceuticals), BEZ-235 (PI3K inhibitor, Novartis), XL-147 (PI3K inhibitor, Exelixis), PTK787/ZK 222584 (Novartis), fulvestrant (FASLODEX®, AstraZeneca), leucovorin (folinic acid), rapamycin (sirolimus, RAPAMUNE®, Wyeth), lapatinib (TYKERB®, GSK572016, Glaxo Smith Kline), lonafarnib (SARASAR™, SCH
e.g., mitotane, aminoglutethimide; a hormone and/or hormone antagonist such as the adrenocorticosteriods (e.g., prednisone), progestins (e.g., hydroxyprogesterone caproate), an estrogen (e.g., diethylstilbestrol); an antiestrogen such as tamoxifen; androgen, e.g., testosterone propionate; and an aromatase inhibitor, such as anastrozole, and AROMASIN (exemestane). Exemplary anticancer agents include, but are not limited to, tubulin binding agents including paclitaxel, epothilone, docetaxel, discodermolide, etoposide, vinblastine, vincristine, teniposide, vinorelbine, and vindesine; tyrosine-kinase inhibitors including imatinib, nilotinib, dasatinib, bosutinib, ponatinib, and bafetinib; alkylating antineoplastic agents including busulfan, carmustine, chlorambucil, cyclophosphamide, cyclophosphamide, dacarbazine, ifosfamide, lomustine, mechlorethamine, melphalan, mercaptopurine, procarbazine; antimetabolites including cladribine, cytarabine, fludarabine, gemcitabine, pentostatin, 5-fluorouracil, clofarabine, capecitabine, methotrexate, thioguanine; cytotoxic antibiotics including daunorubicin, doxorubicin, idarubicin, mitomycin, actinomycin, epirubicin; topoisomerase inhibitors including irinotecan, mitoxantrone, topotecan, and
A novel dic (17;18) (p13.1;q11.2) with loss of TP53 and BCR/ABL rearrangement in an Imatinib resistant chronic myeloid leukemia \n <p>Abstract</p> <p>Background</p> <p>The so-called Philadelphia (Ph) chromosome is present in more than 90% of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) cases. It results in juxtaposition of the 5′ part of the BCR gene on chromosome 22 to the 3′ part of the ABL gene on chromosome 9. Since the majority of CML cases are currently treated with Imatinib, variant rearrangements in general have no specific prognostic significance, although the mechanisms involved in resistance to therapy have yet to be investigated. The T315I mutation within the abl-gene is the most frequent one associated with resistance to tyrosine kinase inhibitors.</p> <p>Results</p> <p>This study evaluated a Ph chromosome positive CML case resistant to imatinib mesylate. A dic(17;18), loss of TP53 gene, co-expression of b2a2 and b3a2 fusions transcript and a T315I mutation were found.</p> <p>Conclusions</p> <p>We reported here a novel case of a Ph chromosome positive CML with a secondary abnormality [dic(17;18)], resulting to Glivec resistance but good response to nilotinib. The dic(17;18) might be a marker for poor prognosis in CML. Our finding indicated for an aggressive progression of the disease. The patient died under the treatment due to unknown reasons.</p>
points, while currency benefits added three percentage points. Primary Care (excluding Mature Products) reported a net sales increase of 13% (+10% lc). The Cardiovascular franchise improved 12% (+9% lc) despite increased competition. Net sales in Specialty Medicines, which includes activities in Oncology, Transplantation & Immunology, and Ophthalmics, rose 20% (+16% lc). Oncology delivered dynamic growth of 26% (+22% lc) based on leading performances of the "best-in-class" oncology drugs Gleevec/Glivec, Zometa and Femara. First-quarter net sales in the US rose 5% to USD 1.8 billion after deducting the change in accounting, but were up 9% excluding the impact. In Europe, net sales rose 15% (+9% lc), while net sales advanced 19% (+16% lc) in Japan and 12% (+9% lc) in
* Indicates, in this Form 10-Q, brand names of products, which are registered trademarks not owned by the Company or its subsidiaries. ELIQUIS is a trademark of Pfizer, Inc.; ERBITUX is a trademark of Eli Lilly and Company; AVAPRO/AVALIDE (known in the EU as APROVEL/KARVEA) and PLAVIX are trademarks of Sanofi; ABILIFY is a trademark of Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.; TRUVADA is a trademark of Gilead Sciences, Inc.; GLEEVEC is a trademark of Novartis AG; ATRIPLA is a trademark of Bristol-Myers Squibb and Gilead Sciences, LLC; ESTRACE and OVCON are trademarks of Warner-Chilcott Company, LLC; and DELESTROGEN is a trademark of JHP Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   45 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
up 19% (USD). In Innovative Medicines, Growth Products contributed 48% of division net sales in the quarter, and sales for these products were up 20% (cc). · Gilenya (USD 810 million, +11% cc), a once-daily oral medicine for relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis, continued to grow double-digit. · Tasigna (USD 458 million, +9% cc) showed solid growth in the quarter, despite the entry of multiple generic versions of Gleevec in the US. · Cosentyx (USD 391 million) continued its strong launch trajectory in the fourth quarter. Across its three approved indications, Cosentyx has been used to treat more than 60,000 patients in a post-marketing setting to date. · Tafinlar + Mekinist (USD 178 million, +24% cc) continued to show
done using SAAM II version 1.2 (SAAM Institute, University of Washington, Seattle, WA). Kaplan-Meier survival analyses were done using SigmaPlot 9.0 and SigmaStat 3.10 (Systat Software, Inc., Point Richmond, CA). Results and Discussion In vitro studies. SW1990 cell line is derived from splenic metastases of pancreatic adenocarcinoma of ductal origin ( 47 ). Levels of PDGFR-β are low in SW1990 cells grown in vitro but the inhibition with imatinib reduces the levels of phosphorylated PDGFR-β in a dose-dependent manner, indicating that the receptor is functional ( Fig. 1A ). Cytotoxicity of imatinib in the in vitro culture is also dose dependent. The concentration needed to inhibit growth of SW1990 cells by 50% (IC 50 ) in full medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum was estimated at 23.0 ± 1.1 μmol/L. Cells grown in the absence of fetal bovine serum were more sensitive
has become even more important. Test results and their over- and under-interpretation are a major source of error and confusion. In this labyrinth, the ELN recommendations provide orientation for when it is critical to sit down with the patient to assess whether a change of strategy is required. In case of doubt, it is appropriate to contact an academic center for advice or refer the patient for evaluation. Imatinib has changed the face of CML. Now the challenge is to exploit its full potential in all patients. Table 1. Indications for diagnostic tests. Test Indication Physical exam Diagnosis/staging Every 3-month until resolution of splenomegaly Suspected progression or resistance Complete blood count Diagnosis/staging Every 1–2 weeks until blood counts have
or given with less intensive chemotherapy. CR rates are, notably, always > 90%. Based on these data, there is now no rationale for omitting a TKI from the initial induction treatment. Table 1. Studies of TKI in de novo Ph + ALL JALSG indicates Japanese Adult Leukaemia Study Group; NILG, Northern Italian Leukaemia Group; COG, Children's Oncology Group; NCRI/ECOG, UK National Cancer Research Institute/Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group; Im, imatinib; and Das, dasatinib. Instead, it is now logical to ask whether there is a rationale for reducing or omitting cytotoxic agents from initial induction treatment altogether. Several studies have reported, at least in abstract form, the initial outcome of giving TKIs without with only minimal chemotherapy. 3–5 Taking a closer
α ‐interferon, transplantation would frequently be deferred until signs of disease progression were evident; in the event of failure to respond to α ‐interferon, patients could undergo allografts if deemed eligible without a significant impact on transplant outcomes ( Giralt et al , 1993 ; Lee et al , 2001 ). Despite the body of evidence supporting the curative potential of allogeneic HCT in CML, current results with imatinib make it difficult not to recommend a therapeutic trial of imatinib for all newly diagnosed patients. Haematological and cytogenetic response to imatinib may identify those patients in whom an early allograft would be considered appropriate (i.e. those who fail to achieve cytogenetic response within 6–12 months of imatinib therapy from those in whom continued therapy is more appropriate) ( Kantarjian et al , 2003a ; O'Dwyer et al , 2004 ). Although it is widely acknowledged that the advent of imatinib has had a significant impact on the use of allogeneic HCT for CML, data on the number of HCTs now performed and differences in patients now selected for HCT are lacking. A recent report regarding allografting for CML in Europe ( Gratwohl et al , 2006 ), documented a decrease in the numbers of allografts being performed for CML, from 1396 in 1999 to 820 in 2004, but could not account for all the effects of imatinib on the use of allografting in Europe, as this drug was only approved in 2002, and was not available in many Eastern European countries. This report described an analysis of the number and characteristics of patients receiving HCT for CML in North America prior to and after the introduction of imatinib as treatment for CML. Methods Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research The Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research (CIBMTR) is a voluntary working group of more than 450 transplant centres worldwide that contribute detailed data on consecutive allogeneic HCTs to a Statistical Center at the Health
especially attractive agent for use in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML), myelodysplastic syndromes, chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), and multiple myeloma. Because hematologic malignancies are likely driven by multiple genetic aberrations, the most effective treatment strategy will likely combine multiple agents with complementary mechanisms of action. Thus, additional studies of combination regimens that incorporate tipifarnib with other antineoplastic agents are crucial. Early results from studies combining tipifarnib with imatinib or etoposide in CML and AML have been promising and warrant further evaluation in larger clinical trials. \n                               \n
lines is in their response to treatment with chemotherapeutic drugs. We find that resistance to treatment with VP16 correlates with the expression of OPN in cells, that is, high levels of death are seen in 32D and C2 cells that lack OPN, and significantly reduced death is seen in C4 and C5 cells ( Fig. 11 ). It is also shown that treatment of C4 cells with the STI571, FTS, UO126, or PKCζ pseudosubstrate inhibitor results in increased levels of death in response to VP16 treatment. All of these treatments also lead to the reduction of OPN expression in C4 cells. DISCUSSION OPN expression has been shown previously to correlate with solid tumor progression and metastasis in breast cancer
depends on ( x 0 + α y 0 ), where α ∈(0,1] measures the fall in the homeostatic efficiency due to the disease (see [ 10 ] and [ 16 ] for an analysis of this fall), Ψ ( x 0 + α y 0 ) = 1 − x 0 + α y 0 K . 2 This model incorporates the existence of nonlinear effects of imatinib treatment over a fixed period of time. Drug treatment is described by a positive time-dependent sequence u ( t ), t =0,1,…, T , which captures the drug dose, and given that there is a dosage limitation due to the drug’s toxicity, u ( t ) is supposed to be bounded in [0, u max ], for t =0,1,…, T . The effects of imatinib treatment are introduced through nonlinear functions, which affect the lifetime of cancer cells, and imply their maximum effect only for an intolerable dosage. In [ 15 ], different scenarios were studied depending on the distinct effects of imatinib on the dynamics. That work concluded that the disease completely remits only when imatinib causes an additional mortality of cancer HSC. In addition, since imatinib is a targeted drug (see [ 37 ]), this is the case with highest plausibility from the biomedical point of view, so we limit our study to this situation. Drug effects are represented by the function h ( u ), which is a nonlinear increasing function satisfying h (0)=0 (this means that cancer HSC declines at baseline rate g 0 without treatment). Clinical evidence also shows that patients rarely develop resistance to imatinib. Indeed, as the eight-year International Randomized Study of Interferon and STI571 (IRIS) trial concluded (see [ 38 ]), resistence to imatinib only appears for 6.75% of patients, and therefore we can assume that the function h only depends on the drug dose u and not on the elapsed treatment time. The behavior under treatment of CML is therefore described by the following system of difference equations: x 0 ( t +
there seems to be some evidence that histological progression occurs in thymoma, the effect on prognosis remains unknown. 7 Primary therapy involves surgery, even if resection is incomplete. The 5 year survival of a type B3 thymoma in the Netherlands is 53,1% (32, 8–69, 8). 8 This might increase in the next few years since new therapies are being developed. For example in type B3 and C thymoma imatinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor,demonstrated some effect in two out of seven patients, with the suggestion to select on expression of c-KIT in these thymoma. 9 Recurrences of thymoma occur locally. Lymphogenous and haematogenous metastases are uncommon. 3 A transdiaphragmatic retroperitoneal metastasis has been described only a few times before. 10
Delayed achievement of cytogenetic and molecular response is associated with increased risk of progression among patients with chronic myeloid leukemia in early chronic phase receiving high-dose or standard-dose imatinib therapy \n Patients not in complete cytogenetic response (CCyR) continuously face the competing possibilities of eventually achieving a cytogenetic response versus progressing. We analyzed the probability of achieving a CCyR, major molecular response, and progression in 258 patients with chronic myeloid leukemia in early chronic phase at 3, 6, and 12 months from imatinib start. The initial imatinib dose was 800 mg/day in 208 (81%) and 400 mg/day in 50 (19%) patients. For patients not in CCyR, the probability of achieving CCyR ( P = .002) or major molecular response ( P = .004) significantly decreased, whereas the risk of progression increased ( P = .16) at each time point. Patients with a BCR-ABL1 / ABL1 ratio greater than 1% to 10% after 3 months of imatinib had a 92% probability of achieving CCyR with continued therapy, similar to the 98% for those with 1% or less, but their risk of progression (11%) was almost 3-fold that of patients with a BCR-ABL1 / ABL1 transcript ratio of 1% or less (4%) and similar to that of patients with transcript levels more than 10% (13%). These results suggest that patients not in CCyR after 12 months on imatinib have a higher risk of progression. This risk is discernible as early as 3 months into imatinib therapy by molecular analysis and may provide the rationale to institute therapies that render higher rates of early response. \n Introduction Chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) is a clonal hematopoietic disorder driven by the constitutively activated BCR-ABL1 tyrosine kinase oncoprotein. 1 Frontline therapy with the tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) imatinib mesylate resulted in overall cumulative complete hematologic (CHR) and complete cytogenetic (CCyR) response rates of 98% and 82%, respectively, in patients with CML in chronic phase (CP). 2 The use of high-dose imatinib (ie, 800 mg daily) has been associated with a CCyR rate of 89% in patients in CP after failure of interferon-α therapy 3 and in more than 90% in those with newly diagnosed CML CP. 4 The achievement of cytogenetic and molecular responses during imatinib therapy translates into improved event-free survival (EFS) and protection against progression to advanced phases of the disease. 2 These excellent results have consolidated imatinib as standard therapy for patients with CML. After 12 months of imatinib therapy, 69% of patients with CML in early CP are projected to achieve a CCyR. 5 This response rate improves to 82% after 5 years of continuous therapy. 2 However, it remains controversial whether achieving a CCyR early during the course of imatinib therapy confers a prognostic advantage over a CCyR attained at later time points. Initial reports showed that early responses predicted for an improved long-term outcome. 5 , 6 However, recent analyses suggest that the risk of disease progression among patients who achieve a CCyR during the first 12 months of imatinib therapy is similar to that of patients who achieve this response at later time points. 2 , 7 Although some patients may indeed improve their response with continuation of imatinib therapy, a patient not in CCyR at any time faces the dual competing possibilities of either achieving the intended CCyR or eventually progressing. Moreover, the depth of molecular responses obtained during imatinib therapy has important prognostic implications. Among patients in CCyR after 12 months of imatinib therapy, those with a BCR-ABL1 / ABL1 ratio reduction of at least 3-log (ie, major molecular response [MMR]) have been reported to have significantly improved progression-free survival (PFS) compared with those with less than a 3-log reduction in BCR-ABL1 mRNA transcripts. 8 By contrast, patients who fail to achieve an MMR during imatinib therapy have an increased risk of losing their cytogenetic response 6 and developing resistance to imatinib and other TKIs. 9 Because the attainment of molecular responses with imatinib is associated with improved long-term outcomes in CML, it is conceivable that measuring the magnitude of reduction in BCR-ABL1 mRNA transcripts may predict, early in the course of therapy, the probability of eventually achieving a CCyR or progressing. In the present study, we investigated the probabilities of improving the cytogenetic response and of eventually progressing for patients not in CCyR at different time points. Our data indicate that failure to attain a CCyR within the first 12 months of imatinib therapy is linked to a higher risk of disease progression. This subset of patients at risk for progression may be identified early in the course of imatinib therapy based on their molecular response. Methods Patients and eligibility criteria Patients 15 years of age or older with Philadelphia chromosome (Ph)–positive or BCR-ABL1 –positive CML who received frontline therapy with imatinib in clinical trials at M. D. Anderson Cancer Center were eligible for this analysis. Patients were required to have CML in early CP (ie, time from diagnosis to treatment < 12 months). Patients with accelerated phase (AP) or blastic phase (BP) CML were excluded. Patients with cytogenetic clonal evolution were
independent risk factor for prognosis of esophageal GISTs. Rutkowski et al 74 reported that primary tumor location was an independent prognostic factor for the prognosis of GISTs. The prognostic features of esophageal GISTs, however, still remain unknown. Considering the significantly different distribution of tumor size and NIH risk category between esophageal and gastric GISTs, patients in the 2 groups were matched by tumor size, mitotic index, and adjuvant imatinib therapy to compare the prognosis between esophageal and gastric GISTs. The survival analysis showed that the DFS and DSS of esophageal GISTs were significantly lower than that of gastric GISTs. There are some limitations of the current study. First, it is retrospective analysis and lacks systematic prospective data. Therefore, completeness
expressed; Supplementary Fig. 1c ), as well as imatinib-treated BAF3-BA cells with and without IL-3 (308 genes were differentially expressed; Supplementary Fig. 1d ). Next, we evaluated erythropoietin-modulated gene expression in imatinib-treated K562 cells (1,338 genes were differentially expressed; Supplementary Fig. 1e ). Finally, we analyzed existing gene expression profiles from primary CML patient bone-marrow (BM) BCR-ABL + CD34 + cells collected before and after one week of imatinib treatment 23 and identified genes that are differentially expressed in the surviving marrow cells (85 genes were differentially expressed; Supplementary Fig. 1f ). When these four data sets were compared, only three differentially expressed genes were common to all comparisons: c-Fos , Dusp1 and Zfp36 ( Fig. 1f , and
− Sca1 + Kit + ) cells by FACS. 3,000–5,000 BCR-ABL-LSK cells with 0.3 million helper bone marrow cells from wild-type BoyJ mice were injected via tail vein in to lethally irradiated BoyJ mice. Four weeks post-transplantation, recipient mice were analyzed for CD45.1- and CD45.2-positive cells by FACS analysis to determine leukemic engraftment and chimerism. Mice were grouped into four groups (n=6 per group). Mice were treated with Imatinib (75 mg/kg twice daily) alone and in combination with DC+BCI (both drugs were given at a dose of 10 mg/kg twice daily). Likewise other groups were treated with combinations of Imatinib(75 mg/kg)+curcumin(150 mg/kg) +BCI(10 mg/kg), and Imatinib(75 mg/kg)+NDGA(100 mg/kg) +BCI (10 mg/kg), for 3 months twice a day by i.p. injection. The mice were analyzed for leukemic chimerism by determining the percentage of CD45.2-positive cells once a month for 6 months. RNAseq analyses of Kit + cells from wild type and c-Fos and Dusp1 knockout mice Kit
was switched to 30 mg/day ponatinib, which is currently ongoing. 2. Discussion Treatment with TKIs has dramatically improved the prognosis of patients with CML, reducing progression to advanced-phase CML or BC to 1%–1.5% per year compared with more than 20% per year in the pre-imatinib era [1] , [2] . Isolated CNS BC is particularly rare, although some cases have been reported even following TKI therapy. Although the ability of imatinib to penetrate the CNS is poor [3] , dasatinib has been shown to better penetrate the blood-brain barrier (BBB) than imatinib in a mouse model of acute lymphoid leukemia (ALL) [4] . Various symptoms of CNS BC have been described, including headache and vomiting, which are typical symptoms of brain tumor. However, an initial symptom of visual disturbance is rare, and we have identified only one previous report of a patient
(per 50HPF * ) Primary tumor site Very low risk ≤ 2.0 ≤ 5 Any Low risk 2.1 – 5.0 ≤ 5 Any Intermediate risk ≤ 5.0 6–10 Gastric 5.1 – 10.0 ≤ 5 Gastric High risk Any Any Tumor rupture > 10.0 Any Any Any > 10 Any > 5.0 > 5 Any ≤ 5.0 > 5 Non-gastric 5.1 – 10.0 ≤ 5 Non-gastric Open in a separate window * HPF, high-power field Imatinib mesylate, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, has been found to be beneficial after radical resective surgery of high-risk GISTs [39,40] . More recently, adjuvant therapy with imitinab has been used with wider indications, such as intermediate-risk tumours with size > 3 cm and primary tumours with rupture or perforation. [41,42] . Of the 21 surviving patients reported in Table 1 , 13 were treated with imatinib, including our case. In the other eight cases, there is no mention of imatinib therapy. Follow-up data are reported for 12 patients, of which 10 were on imatinib adjuvant therapy. All but one were alive without recurrence, with a follow-up ranging from six to 48 months. The only exception was the case reported by Yamamoto and Coll. This patient had multiple hepatic metastases at the time of surgery and later developed peritoneal dissemination. At that time (2001) imatinib was still an investigational chemiotherapic agent and the patient was treated with this experimental therapy with dramatic clinical improvement [9] . 4. Conclusions Emergency presentation with a GIST is not uncommon and one of its manifestations is acute abdomen secondary to intraperitoneal rupture or perforation of a primary GIST of the small intestine. Emergency surgery is mandatory and should achieve radical resection. Primary anastomosis has been reported to be safe. Since there is an increased risk of recurrence after spontaneous intraperitoneal rupture/perforation of GISTs, patients should be evaluated by a multidisciplinary team in order to assess the indications for imatinib adjuvant therapy and for close monitoring and follow-up. Competing interests The authors declare that they have no competing interests. Authors’ information MA is associate professor of the Department of Clinical, Surgical, Diagnostic and Paediatric Sciences, University of Pavia, and director of the Department of General Surgery, Varzi Hospital; MG, PS,
minimal and negligible. We therefore first compared the background levels of these 2 dyes in nonautophagic K562 cells. The MDC fluorescence level was nearly 20-fold higher than that of Cyto-ID ( Fig. 6A ), as expected. We then asked whether the Cyto-ID-based spectrophotometric assay is more sensitive than the MDC-based assay. The Cyto-ID assay detected an approximately 5-fold increase of Cyto-ID fluorescence when K562 cells were treated with imatinib, whereas the same treatment increased the intensity of MDC fluorescence by only 2.3-fold ( Fig. 6B ). Furthermore, the MDC assay failed to detect the accumulation of autophagosomes in K562 cells treated with chloroquine ( Fig. 6C ). Collectively, these results indicate that Cyto-ID is a more specific and highly sensitive autophagy fluorescence marker. Open in a separate window Figure 6. The Cyto-ID was more sensitive than MDC in quantifying autophagic compartments. ( A ) Background levels of the Cyto-ID or MDC fluorescence in nonautophagic K562 cells. ( B ) Imatinib-induced autophagy. K562 cells were treated with 1 μM imatinib for 16 h and autophagy was assayed by the Cyto-ID- or MDC-based spectrophotometric assay. ( c ) Chloroquine-blocked autophagy flux in K562 cells. The most widely used approaches in autophagy research are those using LC3B as an autophagy marker due to its specificity in labeling autophagosomes. Nonetheless, its sensitivity varies depending
mice showed a significant increase of Cyto-ID fluorescence 4 h after drug administration. In contrast, no induction was observed in the untreated mice ( Fig. 10A ). However, we noticed different drug responses among mice and at various time points in the same mouse, further demonstrating the necessity to monitor autophagy therapies in the clinic. To mimic clinical application, we generated leukemic mice and then treated them with either imatinib or chloroquine. In mice bearing BCR-ABL-driven leukemia, we found that both imatinib and chloroquine significantly increased the level of Cyto-ID fluorescence in mouse primary bone marrow cells ( Fig. 10B ). Taken together, our results demonstrate that the Cyto-ID assay can be extremely valuable as a diagnostic tool to monitor dose responses of autophagy-related therapies in the clinic. Open in a separate window Figure 10. Detection of autophagy in mice. ( A ) PP242 or chloroquine-mediated autophagy in mouse primary peripheral blood cells. Mice were treated with PP242 (60 mg/kg/d, IP) or chloroquine (50 mg/kg/d, IP). ( B ) Imatinib or chloroquine-affected autophagy in primary bone marrow cells isolated from the mice with BCR-ABL-driven leukemia. Leukemic mice were treated with either imatinib (100 mg/kg/d) or chloroquine (50 mg/kg/every other day) by gavage. There are 3 or 4 mice per treatment group and error bars depict means ± s.d.; * P < 0.05. Discussion The caveats in current autophagy-detecting approaches (reviewed in refs. 6 and 7) make it difficult to quantitatively monitor autophagy or autophagy
– – – Open in a separate window * Patients who had post-baseline BCR-ABL1 kinase domain mutational analysis done. $ Of the patients who had mutational analysis done. ‡ Total number of mutations detected may exceed the total number of patients with mutations because some patients may have more than one mutation. § 54 of 198 (27%) patients with CP had mutations: 6 of 44 (14%) treated with imatinib frontline and 48 of 154 (31%) treated with imatinib after interferon α failure. ¶ Of 443 patients who had mutational analysis done, 228 patients had received nilotinib 300 mg twice daily, and 215 patients had received nilotinib 400 mg twice daily. –, not detected or not reported; ABR, adenosine triphosphate binding region; ALL, Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia; AP, accelerated phase; BP, blast phase; CP, chronic phase; DASISION, Dasatinib Versus Imatinib Study In Treatment-Naive CML Patients; ENESTnd, Evaluating Nilotinib Efficacy and Safety in Clinical Trials–newly diagnosed patients; SBR, substrate-binding region; GIMEMA, Gruppo Italiano Malattie Ematologiche dell’ Adulto (Italian Group for Haematological Diseases in Adults). With respect to the first-line treatment with imatinib, nilotinib, or dasatinib, mutations detected in patients in some instances are consistent with in vitro TKI sensitivity data, such as mutations in the P-loop and substrate-binding region in patients treated with imatinib or nilotinib, or mutations in the ATP-binding region in patients treated with dasatinib [ O’Hare et al. 2007 ; Redaelli et al. 2009 ; Lombardo et al. 2004 ]. In other instances, however, in vivo mutations are not consistent with in vitro mutations. For example, mutations affecting F317 are infrequently detected in patients treated with imatinib or nilotinib, and mutations affecting the P-loop, substrate-binding region, and A-loop are infrequently detected in patients treated with dasatinib. Such inconsistency underscores an important point about the limits of correlating in vitro experimental results with what might occur in patients on therapy: the type of BCR-ABL1 mutation that might arise
A phase I study of 51 patients with advanced solid tumors showed that bosutinib was generally well tolerated, with predominantly gastrointestinal AEs in 19%–69% of patients in three reports. The MTD was determined to be 400 mg daily. Study of a restricted cohort of pancreatic cancer, NSCLC, and colorectal cancer patients is ongoing [ 86 ]. Phase I/II studies in CML and Ph + ALL patients who failed imatinib showed similar AEs as well as some mild dermatologic symptoms and variable hematologic toxicity [ 87 , 88 ] ( Table 1 ). Although the body of clinical data supporting bosutinib has also been primarily applied to hematological malignancies, there are phase II trials in progress to study its efficacy
BCR-ABL激酶区突变在酪氨酸激酶抑制剂耐药慢性髓性白血病患者中的分布及其影响因素 \n 目的 分析酪氨酸激酶抑制剂（TKI）耐药的慢性髓性白血病（CML）患者BCR-ABL激酶区突变状况、类型和影响因素。 方法 ?? 结果 共纳入804例CML患者，发生1 ?? 结论 ?? Objective To explore BCR-ABL kinase domain mutation profiles and clinical variables associated with them in tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)-resistant patients with chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). Methods Imatinib-, nilotinib-, and/or dasatinib-resistant patients with CML who screened BCR-ABL mutation (s) in Peking University People's Hospital between June 2001 and September 2019 were retrospectively reviewed. BCR-ABL mutation was analyzed by Sanger sequencing. Binary logistic regression model was built to identify independent clinical variables associated with developing BCR-ABL mutation (s). Results Data of 1 093 TKI-resistant cases in 804 patients who experienced resistance to imatinib ( n =576, 52.7%), nilotinib ( n =238, 21.8%), and dasatinib ( n =279, 25.5%) were analyzed. In total, 291 (50.5%) imatinib-, 152 (63.9%) nilotinib-, and 160 (57.3%) dasatinib-resistant cases developed BCR-ABL mutation (s). T315I mutation was the most frequent mutation detected in imatinib-, nilotinib-, and dasatinib-resistant cases, accounting for 12.3%, 27.3%, and 34.1%, respectively. Y253F/H (7.5%) and F359V/C/I (5.6%) were the mutation detected in≥5% imatinib-resistant cases; F359V/C/I (12.2%), Y253F/H (11.8%), and E255K/V (10.5%) in nilotinib-resistant cases; and F317L/V/I/C (11.5%) and E255K/V (5.4%) in dasatinib-resistant cases. In multivariate analyses, no TKI dose reduction or discontinuation of TKI therapy was the common variable associated with developing BCR-ABL mutation (s). Other variables associated with developing BCR-ABL mutation (s) in imatinib-, nilotinib-, or dasatinib-resistant cases included male gender, younger age, no comorbidity, advanced phase before starting current TKI therapy, longer interval from diagnosis to starting current TKI therapy, acquired resistance, and TKI resistance due to progression to advanced phase or hematologic failure. In addition, interval from TKI failure to BCR-ABL mutation
Paclitaxel in multicellular tumor spheroids of MCF-7 and BT474. Fig. 10a and 10b show the effect of Docetaxel in multicellular tumor spheroids of MCF-7 and BT474. Fig. 11a and 11b show the effect of Doxorubicin in multicellular tumor spheroids of MCF-7 and BT474. Fig. 12a and 12b show the effect of Tamoxifen in multicellular tumor spheroids of MCF-7 and BT474. Fig. 13a and 13b show the effect of Imatinib in multicellular tumor spheroids of MCF-7 and BT474. Fig. 14 illustrates a method of using MTS model to observe effects of chemotherapy treatment on cellular growth by FDG PET. Fig. 15 is a reference object used for absolute calibration of area. The units on the axis are number of pixels.
Topotecan / Hycamtin®); (v) pyrimidine antagonists such as 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), Capecitabine (Xeloda®), Arabinosylcytosine / Cytarabin (Alexan®) or Gemcitabine (Gemzar®); (vi) purin antagonists such as 6-mercaptopurine (Puri-Nethol®), 6-thioguanine or fludarabine (Fludara®) and (vii) folic acid antagonists such as methotrexate (Farmitrexat®) or premetrexed (Alimta®). The above mentioned second active ingredient, which is a target specific anti-cancer agent, includes but is not limited to (i) kinase inhibitors such as e.g. lmatinib (Glivec®), ZD-1839 / Gefitinib (Iressa®), Bay43-9006 (Sorafenib, Nexavar®), SU11248 / Sunitinib (Sutent®), OSI-774 / Erlotinib (Tarceva®), Dasatinib (Sprycel®), Lapatinib (Tykerb®), or, see also below, Vatalanib, Vandetanib (Zactima®) or Pazopanib; (ii) proteasome inhibitors such as PS-341 / Bortezumib (Velcade®); (iii) histone deacetylase inhibitors like SAHA (Zolinza®), PXD101, MS275, MGCD0103, Depsipeptide / FK228,
of mice during the final allergen challenges, we find a significant effect on the chronic peribronchial allergen-induced fibrotic remodeling. This was characterized by reduced inflammation, especially eosinophils, as well as reduced hydroxyproline levels in anti-SCF compared to control antibody-treated animals. In addition, when we examined chemokines associated with the chronic disease and neutralized SCF in vivo we observed a corresponding decrease in CCL6 and CCL17. Using an inhibitor, imatinib mesylate, that blocks SCF/c-kit-associated RTK, we find similar results as with anti-SCF for attenuating AHR and fibrotic changes, suggesting that a potential clinical treatment for chronic asthma already exists related to this pathway. These results further support the potential use of SCF/c-kit inhibition for targeting chronic severe asthmatic responses. \n Download
specialized in immune suppression, through upregulation of PDL1 on leukemic DCs [ 46 ]. Taken together, functional deficiencies of BCR-ABL1 -expressing DCs may contribute to the escape from immunosurveillance observed in CML. Plasmacytoid dendritic cells pDCs have emerged as crucial effectors in innate immune responses in CML. Before treatment, CML patients have reduced numbers of circulating pDCs. Moreover, patients who were in complete cytogenetic or molecular response after imatinib treatment restored their blood pDCs both quantitatively and functionally and were comparable to healthy donors [ 47 ]. Contrary to previous studies, data from the EURO-SKI and German CML-V TIGER study recently showed that high numbers of activated CD86+ pDCs were observed in CML patients with molecular recurrence after TKI
medicinal product Information not present in EudraCT D.3.11.10 Medicinal product containing genetically modified organisms No D.3.11.11 Herbal medicinal product No D.3.11.12 Homeopathic medicinal product No D.3.11.13 Another type of medicinal product No D.IMP: 2 D.1.2 and D.1.3 IMP Role Test D.2 Status of the IMP to be used in the clinical trial D.2.1 IMP to be used in the trial has a marketing authorisation Yes D.2.1.1.1 Trade name GLIVEC*48CPS 100MG D.2.1.1.2 Name of the Marketing Authorisation holder NOVARTIS FARMA SpA D.2.1.2 Country which granted the Marketing Authorisation Italy D.2.5 The IMP has been designated in this indication as an orphan drug in the Community Yes D.2.5.1 Orphan drug designation number EU/3/01/021 D.3 Description of the IMP D.3.4 Pharmaceutical form Capsule, hard D.3.4.1 Specific paediatric formulation Information not present in EudraCT D.3.7 Routes of administration for this IMP Oral use D.3.8 to D.3.10 IMP Identification Details (Active Substances) D.3.8 INN - Proposed INN imatinib D.3.10 Strength D.3.10.1 Concentration unit mg milligram(s) D.3.10.2 Concentration type equal D.3.10.3 Concentration number 100 D.3.11 The IMP contains an: D.3.11.1 Active substance of chemical origin Yes D.3.11.2 Active substance of biological/ biotechnological origin (other than Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP) No The IMP is a: D.3.11.3 Advanced Therapy IMP (ATIMP)
E.2.3 Trial contains a sub-study No E.3 Principal inclusion criteria Patient eligibility should be reviewed and documented by an appropriately qualified member of the investigator’s study team before patients are included in the study. Patients must meet all of the following inclusion criteria to be eligible for enrollment into the study: 1. Histological diagnosis of GIST; 2. KIT genotype (consent for testing sufficient if previous disease progression/intolerance to imatinib); 3. Patients with KIT mutant GIST must have demonstrated either disease progression or intolerance to imatinib mesylate; 4. Age 6 - <21 years; 5. Unresectable without major morbidity, metastatic or recurrent GIST; 6. Measurable (per Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version 1.1) or evaluable disease; 7. Resolution of all acute toxic effects of prior cancer treatment, radiotherapy or surgical procedure to NCI CTCAE v4.0 grade
modifications, such as an HDAC inhibitor, for the treatment of cancer and/or a neurological disorder. In certain embodiments, the other anticancer agent is selected from the group consisting of chemotherapeutics (such as 2CdA, 5-FU, 6-Mercaptopurine, 6-TG, Abraxane™, Accutane®, Actinomycin-D, Adriamycin®, Alimta®, all-trans retinoic acid, amethopterin, Ara-C, Azacitadine, BCNU, Blenoxane®, Camptosar®, CeeNU®, Clofarabine, Clolar™, Cytoxan®, daunorubicin hydrochloride, DaunoXome®, Dacogen®, DIC, Doxil®, Ellence®, Eloxatin®, Emcyt®, etoposide phosphate, Fludara®, FUDR®, Gemzar®, Gleevec®, hexamethylmelamine, Hycamtin®, Hydrea®, Idamycin®, Ifex®, ixabepilone, Ixempra®, L-asparaginase, Leukeran®, liposomal Ara-C, L-PAM, Lysodren, Matulane®, mithracin, Mitomycin-C, Myleran®, Navelbine®, Neutrexin®, nilotinib, Nipent®, Nitrogen Mustard, Novantrone®, Oncaspar®, Panretin®, Paraplatin®, Platinol®, prolifeprospan 20 with carmustine implant, Sandostatin®, Targretin®, Tasigna®, Taxotere®, Temodar®, TESPA, Trisenox®, Valstar®, Velban®, Vidaza™, vincristine sulfate, VM 26, Xeloda® and Zanosar®)
wide variety of normal and malignant cell types. LPA plays an important role in normal physiological processes such as wound healing, and in vascular tone, vascular integrity, or reproduction. Some other exemplary bioactive agents are paclitaxel, docetaxel, estradiol, 17-beta-estradiol, nitric oxide donors, super oxide dismutases, super oxide dismutases mimics, 4-amino-2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine-1-oxyl (4-amino-TEMPO), biolimus, tacrolimus, dexamethasone, rapamycin, rapamycin derivatives, 40-O-(2-hydroxy)ethyl-rapamycin (everolimus), 40-O-(3-hydroxy)propyl-rapamycin, 40-O-[2-(2-hydroxy)ethoxy]ethyl-rapamycin, and 40-O-tetrazole-rapamycin, 40-epi-(N1-tetrazolyl)-rapamycin (ABT-578), γ-hiridun, clobetasol, pimecrolimus, imatinib mesylate, midostaurin, prodrugs thereof, co-drugs thereof, and combinations thereof. The polymeric matrix or coating can be formed on an implantable device such as a stent, which can be implanted in a patient to treat, prevent, mitigate, or reduce a vascular medical condition, or to provide a pro-healing effect. Examples of these
ambrisentan, amikacin, amiloride, amitriptyline, anti- pseudomonas IgY gargle, ARIKACE™ AUREXIS® (tefibazumab), AZAPRED, azathioprine, azithromycin, azithromycin, AZLI, aztreonam lysine, BIBF1120, Bio-25 probiotic, bosentan, Bramitob®, calfactant aerosol, captopril, CC-930, ceftazidime, ceftazidime, cholecalciferol (Vitamin D3), ciprofloxacin (CIPRO®, BAYQ3939), CNTO 888, colistin CF, combined Plasma. Exchange (PEX), rituximab, and corticosteroids, cyclophosphamide, dapsone, dasatinib, denufosol tetrasodium (INS37217), dornase alfa (PULMOZYME®), EPI-hNE4, erythromycin, etanercept, FG-3019, fluticasone, FTI, GC1008, GS-9411, hypertonic saline, ibuprofen, iloprost inhalation, imatinib mesylate (GLEEVEC®), inhaled sodium bicarbonate, inhaled sodium pyruvate, interferon gamma-1b, interferon-alpha lozenges, isotonic saline, IW001, KB001, losartan, lucinactant, mannitol, meropenem, meropenem infusion, miglustat, minocycline, Moli1901, MP-376 (levofloxacin solution for inhalation), mucoid exopolysaccharide P. aeruginosa immune globulin IV, mycophenolate mofetil, n-acetylcysteine, N-acetylcysteine (NAC), NaCl 6%, nitric oxide for inhalation, obramycin, octreotide, oligoG CF-5/20,
etc.), triptolide, homoharringtonine, dactinomycin, doxorubicin, epirubicin, topotecan, itraconazole, vindesine, cerivastatin, vincristine, deoxyadenosine, sertraline, pitavastatin, irinotecan, clofazimine, 5-nonyloxytryptamine, vemurafenib, dabrafenib, erlotinib, gefitinib, EGFR inhibitors, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-targeted therapy or therapeutic (e.g. gefitinib (Iressa™), erlotinib (Tarceva™), cetuximab (Erbitux™), lapatinib (Tykerb™), panitumumab (Vectibix™), vandetanib (Caprelsa™), afatinib/BIBW2992, CI-1033/canertinib, neratinib/HKI-272, CP-724714, TAK-285, AST-1306, ARRY334543, ARRY-380, AG-1478, dacomitinib/PF299804, OSI-420/desmethyl erlotinib, AZD8931, AEE788, pelitinib/EKB-569, CUDC-101, WZ8040, WZ4002, WZ3146, AG-490, XL647, PD153035, BMS-599626), sorafenib, imatinib, sunitinib, dasatinib, pyrrolo benzodiazepines (e.g. tomaymycin), carboplatin, CC-1065 and CC-1065 analogs including amino-CBIs, nitrogen mustards (such as chlorambucil and melphalan), dolastatin and dolastatin analogs (including auristatins: eg. monomethyl auristatin E), anthracycline antibiotics (such as doxorubicin, daunorubicin, etc.), duocarmycins and duocarmycin analogs, enediynes (such as neocarzinostatin and calicheamicins), leptomycin derivaties, maytansinoids
and phenylaminopyrimidine in the presence of a coupling agent, at room temperature for 24 hours. 5 . The process of claim 4 , wherein the coupling agent is 1-hydroxybenzotriazole hydrate (EDC) and 1-ethyl-3(3-dimethylaminopropyl)carbodiimide) (HOBT). 6 . A process for preparing a compound of formula II, as defined in claim 1 , comprising a single step of reacting artesunic acid and one base selected from the group consisting of imatinib and phenylaminopyrimidine in the presence of an alcohol, under stirring, at room temperature for 24 hours. 7 . The process, according to claim 6 , wherein the alcohol is methanol. 8 . (canceled) 9 . (canceled) 10 . A pharmaceutical composition comprising a compound of claim 1 . 11 .
epothilone analog (e.g., ixabepilone), proteasome inhibitor (e.g., carfilzomib), IGF-1 receptor inhibitor (e.g., OSI 906, AMG 479), PARP inhibitor (e.g., veliparib, AG014699, iniparib, MK-4827), Aurora kinase inhibitor (e.g., MLN8237, ENMD-2076), angiogenesis inhibitor (e.g., lenalidomide), DHFR inhibitor (e.g., pralatrexate), radioimmunotherapeutic agnet (e.g., Hu3S193), statin (e.g., lovastatin), topoisomerase 1 inhibitor (e.g., NKTR-102), cancer vaccine (e.g., p53 synthetic long peptides vaccine, autologous OC-DC vaccine), mTOR inhibitor (e.g., temsirolimus, everolimus), BCR/ABL inhibitor (e.g., imatinib), ET-A receptor antagonist (e.g., ZD4054), TRAIL receptor 2 (TR-2) agonist (e.g., CS-1008), HGF/SF inhibitor (e.g., AMG 102), EGEN-001, Polo-like kinase 1 inhibitor (e.g., BI 6727), gamma-secretase inhibitor (e.g., RO4929097), Wee-1 inhibitor (e.g., MK-1775), antitubulin agent (e.g., vinorelbine, E7389), immunotoxin (e.g., denileukin diftitox), SB-485232, vascular-disrupting agent (e.g., AVE8062), integrin inhibitor (e.g.,
cancer; astrocytoma; oligodendroglioma and glioblastoma. 16 . The method of claim 14 , comprising the additional step of co-administering to the patient in need thereof a second therapeutic agent. 17 . The method of claim 16 , wherein: a. the disease is ovarian cancer and the second therapeutic agent is selected from paclitaxel and carboplatin; b. the disease is chronic myeloid leukemia and the second therapeutic agent is imatinib; c. the disease is metastatic breast cancer and the second therapeutic agent is selected from cisplatin, gemcitabine and paclitaxel; d. the disease is cancer and the second therapeutic agent is selected from docetaxel, paclitaxel and carboplatin; or e. the disease is pancreatic cancer and the second therapeutic agent is gemcitabine.
al. Critical reviews in oncology/haematology, 2005, Vol. 54, pp 11-29); such inhibitors also include tyrosine kinase inhibitors, for example inhibitors of the epidermal growth factor family (for example EGFR family tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as N-(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)-7-methoxy-6-(3-morpholinopropoxy)quinazolin-4-amine (gefitinib, ZD1839), N-(3-ethynylphenyl)-6,7-bis(2-methoxyethoxy)quinazolin-4-amine (erlotinib, OSI-774) and 6-acrylamido-N-(3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)-7-(3-morpholinopropoxy)-quinazolin-4-amine (CI-1033), 1033), erbB2 tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as lapatinib, inhibitors of the hepatocyte growth factor family, inhibitors of the platelet-derived growth factor family such as imatinib, inhibitors of serine/threonine kinases (for example Ras/Raf signalling inhibitors such as farnesyl transferase inhibitors, for example sorafenib (BAY 43-9006)), inhibitors of cell signalling through MEK and/or AKT kinases, inhibitors of the hepatocyte growth factor family, c-kit inhibitors, abl kinase inhibitors, IGF receptor (insulin-like growth factor) kinase inhibitors, aurora kinase inhibitors
kinase and kinase-like dependent diseases, such as angiogenesis, cancer and cardiac hypertrophy. BACKGROUND Cells communicate various aspects of their extracellular environment to the nucleus by using various signal transduction pathways. Many of these, signals are transmitted by protein kinases which activate various factors through the transfer of phosphate groups. Disruption of signal transduction by inhibiting appropriate kinase activity can have a clinical benefit as has been demonstrated by imatinib, an inhibitor of bcr-abl kinase, which is marketed as its mesylate salt under the brand GLEEVEC (in the United States) or GLIVEC. The MAP kinase signaling pathway is known in the art as one of the pathways for growth factors to send their signal to proliferate from the extracellular environment to the cell nucleus. The growth factors activate transmembrane receptors located on the cell surface which in turn start a cascade whereby
streptozocin, decarbazine, methotrexate, mitomycin C, and cyclophosphamide); DNA intercalators (e.g., cisplatin, oxaliplatin, and carboplatin); DNA intercalators and free radical generators such as bleomycin; and nucleoside mimetics (e.g., 5-fluorouracil, capecitibine, gemcitabine, fludarabine, cytarabine, mercaptopurine, thioguanine, pentostatin, and hydroxyurea). Chemotherapeutic agents that disrupt cell replication include: paclitaxel, docetaxel, and related analogs; vincristine, vinblastin, and related analogs; thalidomide, lenalidomide, and related analogs (e.g., CC-5013 and CC-4047); protein tyrosine kinase inhibitors (e.g., imatinib mesylate and gefitinib); proteasome inhibitors (e.g., bortezomib); NF-κB inhibitors, including inhibitors of IκB kinase; antibodies which bind to proteins overexpressed in cancers and thereby downregulate cell replication (e.g., trastuzumab, rituximab, cetuximab, and bevacizumab); and other inhibitors of proteins or enzymes known to be upregulated, over-expressed or activated in cancers, the inhibition
10 restored the levels of BCR-ABL1 and c-ABL1 compared to Compound 10 alone, whilst modulation of lysosomal pH with chloroquine had no effect. Additionally, inhibition of neddylation using MLN-4924 inhibited the degradation of BCR-ABL1 and ABL1, since VHL neddylation is required for its E3 ligase activity ( FIGS. 5E / 5 F). Combination Treatment with a TP-Competitive BCR-ABL1 TKIs Compounds of Formula (I) and ATP-competitive inhibitors such as imatinib bind at orthogonal sites on protein kinases such as BCR-ABL1. Dose response titrations were performed with BCR-ABL1 transformed Ba/F3 cells for imatinib, Compound 10 and Compound 14 and IC 50 values were determined to be 0.17 μM, 1.11 μM, and 1.55 μM respectively ( FIG. 6A ). The IC 50 of imatinib in the presence of increasing concentrations of Compound 10 or Compound 14 ( FIG. 6A ) was also determined. Unexpectedly, co-treatment with 2.5 μM Compound 10 reduced the IC 50 of imatinib almost 3-fold, likely due to degradation reducing the BCR-ABL1 protein present, suggesting a lower dose of imatinib can entirely abrogate signaling. In various embodiments, co-administration of a compound of Formula (I) and at least one ATP-competitive tyrosine kinase inhibitor reduces the IC 50 of the ATP-competitive tyrosine kinase inhibitor by at least about 1.2, 1.4, 1.6, 1.8, 2.0, 2.2, 2.4, 2.6, 2.8, 3, 3.2, 3.4, 3.6, 3.8,
necessary for CP participants. Complete cytogenetic response: accelerated phase Table 54 presents details of CCyR rates in ImR and mixed populations, with meta-analytical subtotals, where appropriate. As noted above, one participant in le Coutre et al. 's multicentre study 107 met the criteria for CCyR at study entry. There is good agreement between this small sample of estimates and little evidence that response rates systematically differ according to imatinib failure status (note, however, that no estimates are available for an exclusively ImI population). Major cytogenetic response: accelerated phase As in the evidence base relating to CML-CP, MCyR (≤ 35% Ph+) is reported in all included studies. Table 55 presents details of response rates in ImR and mixed populations, with
his medical degree from Case Western Reserve University, and completed his internship, residency and fellowship in internal medicine, hematology and medical oncology, at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University and New York Presbyterian Hospital, where he also served as a faculty member from 1989-2004. During this time Dr. Berk served as an investigator on several industry-sponsored and cooperative group oncology clinical trials, including the pivotal trials for Gleevec® and Avastin®.   Michael Breen was appointed as a director on January 13, 2021.Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Breen served as a senior partner in the global law firm of Clyde & Co., specializing in all aspects of corporate law, including mergers and acquisitions and fund management regulatory issues,
Imatinib-Induced Hypogammaglobulinemia in Children and Adolescents with Chronic Myeloid Leukemia. \n Imatinib-induced tyrosine kinase inhibition extends beyond the BCR-ABL mutation, resulting in adverse effects. We evaluated hypogammaglobulinemia as a potential 'off-target' action of imatinib in children with CML. A cross-sectional, observational study was performed. Patients with CML in chronic phase, age <18-years at diagnosis, receiving imatinib for a duration exceeding 6-months were enrolled. Serum immunoglobulin G, A, and M were measured by end-point nephelometry. Thirty patients were enrolled. The mean age at diagnosis was 10.4 ± 3.1 years (range: 5-18). The mean age at enrollment was 16.4 ± 4.1 years (range: 9-23). The median dose of imatinib was 287.5 mg/m 2 (IQR: 267.3, 345.0). The median duration of imatinib-therapy was 6-years (IQR: 3.0, 10.3). The median (IQR) normalized levels of IgG, IgA, and IgM were 33.0% (IQR: -12.8, 58.7), 28.1% (IQR: -17.0, 90.1) and 15.9% (IQR: -9.3, 40.5), respectively. The IgG, IgA, and IgM levels were reduced in 9 (30%), 8 (27%), and 10 (33%) patients, respectively. Five (17%) patients had pan-hypogammaglobulinemia. We suggest checking immunoglobulin levels in patients with CML receiving imatinib with recurrent/unusual infections. \n                               \n
relevant immunohistochemical markers used to distinguish between various tumor subtypes of gastrointestinal mesenchymal tumors (GIMT) are listed. Since gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST) represent the most common subgroup of GIMT, we focus on the clinicopathological prognostic factors of GIST. The third case of a 40-year-old patient with a malignant GIST recurrence after surgery and exhibiting secondary resistance after one year of successful therapy with the receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor imatinib (Gleevec), antagonizing pathogenetically relevant constitutive c-KIT activation, illustrates the potential and limitations of the only effective drug treatment for advanced GIST. \n                               \n
leukemogenesis through several signal transduction pathways involving phosphatidylinositol‐3 kinase (PI3K) and Akt, Janus kinase 2 (Jak2) and signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT), and Ras ( 5 ). Activation of these pathways in CML progenitor cells leads to increased proliferation and differentiation and to decreased apoptosis ( 5 , 6 ). Managing patients with CML has been revolutionized by Bcr‐Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitors, such as ATP‐competitive inhibitor imatinib mesylate ( 7 ), which is now standard first‐line therapy. Despite the remarkable safety and effectiveness of imatinib ( 8 ), CML relapses due to drug resistance are not uncommon. Imatinib resistance is caused primarily by mutations in the Bcr‐Abl kinase domain, which disfavors the binding of imatinib ( 9 ). BCR‐ABL point mutations in at least 40 different amino acids were found in >50% of patients who relapsed while on imatinib therapy ( 10 ). The most common mutation, at position Thr315, accounted for up to 20% of imatinib resistance in patients ( 11 ). Although the second‐line Abl kinase inhibitors nilotinib and dasatinib, and newly developed allosteric inhibitor GNF‐2, which binds to myristate‐binding site of Abl ( 12 ), target almost all imatinib‐resistant Bcr‐Abl mutants, the gatekeeper mutation T315I remains the most recalcitrant in CML management ( 13
